



Download Request: Select Items: 1-499
Time Of Request: Thursday, August 24, 2017  13:43:44 EST
Send To:

MEGADEAL, ACADEMIC UNIVERSE
NORTH CAROLINA STATE UNIVERSITY-RALEIGH
LIBRARY
RALEIGH, NC


Terms: (Health Insurance plans)


Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Combined Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Project ID:



                               1 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                              July 4, 2017 Tuesday

Health insurance: A defined benefit plan or indemnity based plan; which one you
should opt for

BYLINE: Adhil Shetty

LENGTH: 621  words


Health insurance needs vary from person to person and largely depend on the age
and lifestyle of the individual.

People often ignore post-hospitalisation
expenses, which can be higher than hospitalisation, while buying a health
insurance plan.

Choosing between indemnity and defined health insurance is often
the talking point for health insurance seekers.

Here is everything you need to
know about indemnity based health insurance vis-a-vis defined health insurance
plans and which one should you opt for.

Indemnity-based and defined benefit plans

The common perception is that health insurance is a financial instrument that
offers a cover for expenses incurred when one is hospitalised.

But since
sometimes post-hospitalisation expenses can be far higher than the
hospitalisation charges itself, health insurers have devised plans to cover for
such expenses.

Health insurance plans are therefore broadly classified as two
distinct types namely indemnity-based and defined benefit-based to cover for
both the scenarios.

Indemnity-based health insurance plans are those which offer coverage and
eventual repayment of expenses incurred during hospitalisation as per the
selected health insurance plan.

Defined benefit plans offer a pre defined lump
sum payout for a particular disease, irrespective of any pre- or post
hospitalisation expenses.

Common examples of indemnity based health insurance
plans are Mediclaim policies or family floater plans while critical illness
plans or disease specific plans are examples of defined benefit health insurance
plans.

Comparing the two plans

Indemnity insurance plans offer repayment as per the submitted hospitalisation
bills.

For example, if you have an indemnity health insurance plan with a sum
insured of Rs 5 lakh and hospitalisation bills amount to Rs 2 lakh, you will get
a reimbursement of Rs 2 lakh post submission of bills.

The remaining Rs 3 lakh
will be available for the remaining health policy tenure.

A defined benefit plan
does not require submission of any bills and you are paid a pre-defined lump sum
amount as per the plan.

The money can be used towards pre- and post
hospitalisation expenses.

A diagnosis report signed by a medical specialist must
be submitted for availing lump sum payout for such a plan.

On the downside, indemnity plans have a deductible clause which means that
policyholder has to cover for some percentage of the hospitalisation expenses.

Cost of post-operative care and medication is excluded in indemnity health
plans.

Defined health benefit plans usually offer a cap on hospital cash cover.

So, if a policyholder opts for a defined health benefit plan, the payout per day
will be as per the stipulated limit irrespective of the amount spent by the
policyholder during hospital stay.

Choosing between the two

Both the plans have their advantages and choosing between the two must be
correlated as per the individual health needs of a policy seeker.

For example,
if someone has a high risk of specific ailments that run in the family, a
defined benefit plan may be the right choice along with an indemnity insurance
plan to make for a comprehensive health cover.

Also, since chances of claim rejection in the event of a pre-defined cover are
lower than indemnity based health insurance plans, doubling both policies gives
a widespread cover towards any health eventuality.

Balancing between both
indemnity and defined benefit plans also ensures that any expenses towards pre
or post-hospitalisation are also covered and health insurance does not remain
limited to hospitalisation expenses alone.

Choosing between an indemnity and a
defined health benefit plan must be done as per the medical needs of the
policyholder.

The writer is CEO, Bankbazaar.com

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2017 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               2 of 999 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                 WMI - Mergers & Acquisitions and Partnerships

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data.

The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

August 24, 2017

                     Al-Sagr National Insurance Company PSC

                           Al Sagr Insurance Building
                                     DUBAI
                              United Arab Emirates

* * * * * * * * * * MERGERS AND ACQUISITIONS AND PARTNERSHIPS * * * * * * * * *
*


DEAL TITLE:  United HealthCare Partners with Al-Sagr National Insurance Company
DEAL TYPE:  Partnership
DEAL SUB-TYPE:  Other
DEAL SUB-TYPE:  Other
DEAL STATUS:  Completed
ANNOUNCED DATE:  2012-03-14
DEAL IN BRIEF:  United HealthCare Services, Inc., a US-based health insurance
and health care services provider, through its health insurance program
UnitedHealthcare Global Solutions, has entered into partnership with Al-Sagr
National Insurance Company (ASNIC), Al Sagr Cooperative Insurance Company
(ASCIC) and Jordan Emirates Insurance Company P.S.C.

(Jordan Emirates).

ASNIC
and ASCIC are based in the UAE, while Jordan Emirates is based in Jordan.

ASNIC,
ASCIC and Jordan Emirates are providers of insurance products and services.

Under the partnership named 'Global Solutions Connect Middle East', the
companies will offer medical coverage for Global Solutions members in the Middle
East region.

PARTICIPANT COMPANIES INFORMATION:  United HealthCare Services Inc Target United
HealthCare Services Inc (UHS), a subsidiary of UnitedHealth Group Inc is a
provider of health insurance.

The company offers health insurance plans such as
copay, health savings accounts, high deductible, short term medical, student
coverage, and dental coverage.

It also offers Medicare options including
medicare advantage insurance and HMO health plans, medicare supplement insurance
plans, medicare part prescription drug insurance plans, and medicare advantage
special needs plans.

The company provides individual and family health insurance
products such as short term health insurance, dental insurance, vision
insurance, disability income insurance, critical illness insurance, and
international travel insurance.

UHS is headquartered in Minnetonka, Minnesota,
the US.

United HealthCare Services Inc Target United HealthCare Services Inc
(UHS), a subsidiary of UnitedHealth Group Inc is a provider of health insurance.

The company offers health insurance plans such as copay, health savings
accounts, high deductible, short term medical, student coverage, and dental
coverage.

It also offers Medicare options including medicare advantage insurance
and HMO health plans, medicare supplement insurance plans, medicare part
prescription drug insurance plans, and medicare advantage special needs plans.

The company provides individual and family health insurance products such as
short term health insurance, dental insurance, vision insurance, disability
income insurance, critical illness insurance, and international travel
insurance.

UHS is headquartered in Minnetonka, Minnesota, the US.

United
HealthCare Services Inc Target United HealthCare Services Inc (UHS), a
subsidiary of UnitedHealth Group Inc is a provider of health insurance.

The
company offers health insurance plans such as copay, health savings accounts,
high deductible, short term medical, student coverage, and dental coverage.

It
also offers Medicare options including medicare advantage insurance and HMO
health plans, medicare supplement insurance plans, medicare part prescription
drug insurance plans, and medicare advantage special needs plans.

The company
provides individual and family health insurance products such as short term
health insurance, dental insurance, vision insurance, disability income
insurance, critical illness insurance, and international travel insurance.

UHS
is headquartered in Minnetonka, Minnesota, the US.

COMPANY NAME:  United HealthCare Services Inc
INVOLVEMENT TYPE:  Target
COMPANY OVERVIEW:  United HealthCare Services Inc (UHS), a subsidiary of
UnitedHealth Group Inc is a provider of health insurance.

The company offers
health insurance plans such as copay, health savings accounts, high deductible,
short term medical, student coverage, and dental coverage.

It also offers
Medicare options including medicare advantage insurance and HMO health plans,
medicare supplement insurance plans, medicare part prescription drug insurance
plans, and medicare advantage special needs plans.

The company provides
individual and family health insurance products such as short term health
insurance, dental insurance, vision insurance, disability income insurance,
critical illness insurance, and international travel insurance.

UHS is
headquartered in Minnetonka, Minnesota, the US.

COMPANY NAME:  United HealthCare Services Inc
INVOLVEMENT TYPE:  Target
COMPANY OVERVIEW:  United HealthCare Services Inc (UHS), a subsidiary of
UnitedHealth Group Inc is a provider of health insurance.

The company offers
health insurance plans such as copay, health savings accounts, high deductible,
short term medical, student coverage, and dental coverage.

It also offers
Medicare options including medicare advantage insurance and HMO health plans,
medicare supplement insurance plans, medicare part prescription drug insurance
plans, and medicare advantage special needs plans.

The company provides
individual and family health insurance products such as short term health
insurance, dental insurance, vision insurance, disability income insurance,
critical illness insurance, and international travel insurance.

UHS is
headquartered in Minnetonka, Minnesota, the US.

COMPANY NAME:  United HealthCare Services Inc
INVOLVEMENT TYPE:  Target
COMPANY OVERVIEW:  United HealthCare Services Inc (UHS), a subsidiary of
UnitedHealth Group Inc is a provider of health insurance.

The company offers
health insurance plans such as copay, health savings accounts, high deductible,
short term medical, student coverage, and dental coverage.

It also offers
Medicare options including medicare advantage insurance and HMO health plans,
medicare supplement insurance plans, medicare part prescription drug insurance
plans, and medicare advantage special needs plans.

The company provides
individual and family health insurance products such as short term health
insurance, dental insurance, vision insurance, disability income insurance,
critical illness insurance, and international travel insurance.

UHS is
headquartered in Minnetonka, Minnesota, the US.

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *












LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2017


                               3 of 999 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                            WMI - Business Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data.

The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

August 3, 2017

                 Apollo Munich Health Insurance Company Limited

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

COMPANY OVERVIEW


   Apollo Munich Health Insurance Company Ltd. (Apollo Munich) is a health
insurance provider.

The company offers a range of health insurance plans to
individuals, families and senior citizens.

Its product portfolio includes health
insurance plans, travel insurance plans and personal accident insurance plans.

Its service portfolio includes rider services, claims settlement services,
insurance advisory services, health consultation services over phone and
cashless hospitalization services.

The company sells and distributes its
insurance products and services through a network of branch offices,
banassurance channel, insurance advisors, travel agencies and Apollo Hospitals.

Apollo Munich was formerly known as Apollo DKV Insurance Company Limited.

Apollo
Munich is a joint venture between India based Apollo Hospitals Group and Germany
based reinsurance company Munich Re Group.

In FY2015, the company reported premium earned of INR6,558.8 million,
representing an increase of 20.7% over FY2014.

BUSINESS DESCRIPTION:



Apollo Munich is a health insurance company based in India.

The company is a
joint venture between The Apollo Hospitals Group and Munich Health.

The company
provides a range of health insurance, accident insurance and travel insurance
solutions.

It also offers claims settlement services, insurance advisory
services and health insurance renewal services.

Through these products and
services, it serves individuals, families and senior citizens.

The company has
its presence across all major cities of India such as Gurgaon, Hyderabad,
Chennai, Margoa, Pune, Trichi, Visakhapatnam, New-Delhi, Cochin, Chandigarh,
Kolkata, Bhuwaneshwar and Bangalore.

The company since inception till December
31, 2015 had settled claims of worth INR18,570 million.

The company markets and distributes its products and services through a network
of branch offices and banks such as Canara Bank, Indian Overseas Bank, Citi Bank
and Axis Bank.

Other than Apollo Hospitals, the company has partnership with
various government and private hospitals to offer its cashless hospital
services.

The company classifies its business into three categories: Health Insurance,
Personal Accident and Travel Insurance.

Under Health Insurance Category, the company provides an array of health
insurance plans for individuals, families and senior citizens.

The company's
health insurance plans include individual health coverage, health insurance for
self-employed, cheap health insurance, instant health insurance, Medicare health
insurance, parent's health insurance, private health insurance, senior health
insurance and women health insurance plans.

It also offers children health
insurance, family health insurance, employee health insurance, corporate health
insurance and group health insurance.

The company's Personal Accident Insurance Category offers accident insurance
plans for individuals and corporate.

Under this category, the company offers two
plans: Standard Plans and Premium Plan.

The plans offers coverage for accidental
deaths, permanent total disability, permanent partial disability, emergency
ambulance coverage, transportation of mortal remains, family transportation,
educations fund, temporary total disability and accidental medical expenses.

The
company, through this category, offers personal accident plans, family accident
insurance, group accident insurance, individual accident insurance, and travel
accident insurance.

Under Travel Insurance Category, the company provides travel insurance products
such as domestic travel insurance, individual travel insurance, family travel
insurance, annual multi trip plan and senior citizen travel insurance.

It also
offers travel accident insurance, airline travel insurance, corporate travel
insurance, annual travel insurance, group travel insurance, Indian city travel
insurance, multi trip travel insurance, overseas travel insurance, and short
term travel insurance.

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *











LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2017


                               4 of 999 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2014 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                            WMI - Business Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data.

The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

May 15, 2014

                  Apollo Munich Health Insurance Company Ltd.

                       UNIVERSITY OF WARWICK SCIENCE PARK
                   UNIVERSITY OF WARWICK SCIENCE PARK CV4 7EZ
                                 United Kingdom

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

COMPANY OVERVIEW


   Apollo Munich Health Insurance Company Ltd. (Apollo Munich) is one of the
leading health insurance companies in India.

It was formerly known as Apollo DKV
Insurance Company Limited.

The company is a joint venture between The Apollo
Hospitals Group, its associates and Munich Health.

It provides a wide range of
health insurance, medical insurance, accident insurance and travel insurance
solutions.

The company's product portfolio includes individual and family health
plans, corporate and individual personal accident plans, group health plans,
over the counter health insurance, pre-packaged group policies for small medium
enterprises, daily hospital cash products, and top-up plans for individuals.

Apollo Munich also provides overseas travel and health covers for individuals,
families and groups.

The company is headquartered in Gurgaon, India.

BUSINESS DESCRIPTION:



Apollo Munich is a health insurance company based in India.

The company is a
joint venture between The Apollo Hospitals Group and its associates, and Munich
Health.

The company provides a range of health insurance, medical insurance,
accident insurance, and travel insurance solutions.

It offers individual and
family health plans, corporate and individual personal accident plans, group
health plans, daily hospital cash products, and top-up plans for individuals.

The company classifies its operations into four divisions: Health Insurance,
Accident Insurance, Travel Insurance and Medical Insurance.

Under Health Insurance division, the company provides an array of health
insurance plans for individual and family.

The company's health insurance plans
include individual health coverage, health insurance for self-employed, cheap
health insurance, instant health insurance, Medicare health insurance, parents
health insurance, private health insurance, senior health insurance and women
health insurance plans.

The company's Accident Insurance division offers accident insurance plans for
individuals and corporates.

Under Travel Insurance division, it provides travel
insurance products such as domestic travel insurance, individual travel
insurance, family travel insurance and senior citizen travel insurance.

Through Medical Insurance division, the company offers Mediclaim health plans,
basic medical insurance, good medical insurance, instant medical insurance, low
cost medical insurance and private medical insurance.

Apollo Munich operates through a network of about 50 offices across India.

The
company markets and distributes its insurance products through agents, corporate
agents, strategic partners, sales associates, travel agents and direct sales
force.

It operates through a network of more than 25,000 agents across the
country.

In addition, Apollo Munich has partnerships with non-banking financial
companies (NBFCs) and Canara bank for distributing its products.

Furthermore,
the company partnered with travel portals for domestic travel insurance and with
'www.insurancemall.in' for marketing its insurance solutions.

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *











LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2014


                               5 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                      November 21, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

India Network Health Insurance Announces Visitor Health Insurance Exchange

LENGTH: 490  words


Nov. 21 -- India Network health insurance issued the following news release:

India Network health insurance has offered various health insurance plans for
visitors coming to the United States, Canada and Mexico for more than two
decades.

Visitor Accident and Sickness health insurance plans offered include
both fixed benefit plans and comprehensive health insurance plans compatible
with those offered on the national health insurance exchange at Obamacare on
healthcare.gov but cost half of the price.

The ACE Comprehensive PPO network
plan offers coverage from age 0-99 year-olds with the option of coverage for
pre-existing problems.

In addition to traditional health insurance coverage, the
PPO plan also provides medical evacuation benefits, repatriation benefits, and
accidental death benefits of $25,000 for all policy holders.

Fixed benefit plans
offer limited benefits for lower premiums and most suitable for healthy
visitors.

Many international visitor health insurance plans are underwritten by foreign
insurance companies and India Network Plan is wholly administered in the United
States and underwritten by a US-based Insurance company, ACE American Insurance
company.

All claims are directly submitted by providers to the insurance claims
processor, eliminating the need for visitors to pay big bills if they get sick
and they are processed in the United States.

India Network visitor health insurance with pre-existing condition coverage is
available to all visitors of all ages if they purchase the plan before their
arrival in the United States.

Visitors already in the United States can still
purchase a standard health insurance that covers new medical conditions and
accidents.

Online enrollment forms on the India Network website provide an easy
way to complete enrollment into one of the plans offered by the plan and pay the
premiums using the credit card, including international credit cards with US
dollar denominations.

The Instant Quote link displays all available plans and
premiums along with coverage details in an easy format for visitors to
understand and choose the right plan for their needs.

Dr. KV Rao, President, India Network Foundation said that all visitors and
sponsors of visitors should be aware that purchasing a health plan before
visitors arrive in the United States will help quickly resolve any claims that
may happen right after arrival.

It costs much less to purchase health insurance
plans for sponsored visitors rather than dealing with collection departments of
various medical practices and hospitals.

India Network visitor health insurance plans are available only on the India
Network website and not offered through any agents or agencies in India or in
the United States.

All visitors are advised to read policy language carefully as
there are many plans that look like India Network health insurance program in
the market place but are not same.

Source: India Network health insurance

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               6 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 17, 2016 Wednesday

Bill status of An Act relative to consumer choice of vision and eyecare services

LENGTH: 1338  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boston: General Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts has issue the
following bill status:



  Sponsors:



 David M. Nangle

 Status:



 SECTION 1.

Chapter 175, as appearing in the 2014 Official Edition, shall be
amended by inserting the following new section-:







 Section 193V.

Consumer Choice of Vision and Eyecare Services.

(a) For purposes of this section the following terms shall have the following
meanings:







 "Carrier", an insurer licensed or otherwise authorized to transact accident or
health insurance under chapter 175; a nonprofit hospital service corporation
organized under chapter 176A; a nonprofit medical service corporation organized
under chapter 176B; an optometric services corporation organized under chapter
176F; a health maintenance organization organized under chapter 176G; an
organization entering into a preferred provider arrangement under chapter 176I;
a contributory group general or blanket insurance for persons in the service of
the commonwealth under chapter 32A; a contributory group general or blanket
insurance for persons in the service of counties, cities, towns and districts,
and their dependents under chapter 32B; the medical assistance program
administered by the division of medical assistance pursuant to chapter 118E and
in accordance with Title XIX of the Social Security Act or any successor
statute; and any other medical assistance program operated by a governmental
unit for persons categorically eligible for such program.

"Covered services", vision and eyecare services and materials for which
reimbursement from a vision plan or health insurance plan is provided by a
member's or subscriber's plan contract, or for which a reimbursement would be
available but for application of the deductible, co-payment, or coinsurance
requirements under the member's or subscriber's health insurance plan.

"Health insurance plan", any health insurance policy or health benefit plan
offered by a carrier, health insurer or a subcontractor of a health insurer, as
well as Medicaid and any other public health care assistance program offered or
administered by the Commonwealth or by any subdivision or instrumentality of the
Commonwealth.

This term includes vision plans, regardless of whether stand-alone
or limited in scope, but does not include policies or plans providing coverage
for a specified disease or other limited benefit coverage.

"Materials" includes lenses, devices containing lenses, prisms, lens treatments
and coatings, contact lenses, and prosthetic devices to correct, relieve, or
treat defects or abnormal conditions of the human eye or its adnexa.

"Ophthalmologist" means a person licensed pursuant to Section 2 of Chapter 112
who has completed specialized training in the field of ophthalmology.

"Optometrist" means a person licensed pursuant to Section 68 of Chapter 112.

(b) To the extent a health insurance plan provides coverage for vision care or
health care services, it shall cover those services whether provided by a
licensed optometrist or by a licensed ophthalmologist, provided the health care
provider is acting within his or her authorized scope of practice and
participates in the plan's network.

(c) A health insurance plan shall impose no greater co-payment, coinsurance, or
other cost-sharing amount for services when provided by an optometrist than for
the same service when provided by an ophthalmologist.

(d) A health insurance plan shall provide to a licensed health care provider
acting within his or her scope of practice the same level of reimbursement or
other compensation for providing vision care and health care services that are
within the lawful scope of practice of the professions of medicine and
optometry, regardless of whether the health care provider is an optometrist or
an ophthalmologist.

(e) (1) A carrier, health insurer, third party administrator, entity that
writes vision or health insurance, or entity that manages a vision or health
insurance plan for a carrier or health insurer shall permit a licensed
optometrist to participate in plans or contracts providing for vision care or
health care services to the same extent as it does an ophthalmologist,
regardless of whether such plan is a plan of insurance or vision care discount
program that is not an insurance plan.

(2) A carrier, health insurer, third
party administrator, entity that writes vision or health insurance, or entity
that manages a vision and/or health insurance plan for a carrier or health
insurer shall not require a licensed optometrist or ophthalmologist to provide
discounted materials or benefits, nor shall a carrier require a licensed
optometrist or ophthalmologist to participate as a provider in another vision or
health insurance plan or contract as a condition or requirement for the
optometrist's or ophthalmologist's participation as a provider in any health or
vision care plan or contract.

(3) A carrier, health insurer, third party
administrator, entity that writes vision or health insurance, or entity that
manages a vision and/or health insurance plan for an insurer shall not refuse to
allow an optometrist or ophthalmologist to continue to provide covered services
through its health insurance plans and other product lines when the provider
opts out of a particular product line.

(f) (1) An agreement between a carrier, health insurer, third party
administrator, entity that writes vision or health insurance, or entity that
manages a vision or health insurance plan for a carrier or insurer, and an
optometrist or ophthalmologist for the provision of vision or health care
services to plan members or subscribers in connection with coverage under a
stand-alone vision or eyecare plan or other health insurance plan shall not
require that an optometrist or ophthalmologist provide services or materials at
a fee limited or set by the plan, carrier or insurer unless the services or
materials are reimbursed as covered services under the contract.

(2) An
optometrist or ophthalmologist shall not charge more for services and materials
that are non-covered services under a vision or health insurance plan than his
or her usual and customary rate for those services and materials.

(3)
Reimbursement paid by a vision or health insurance plan for covered services and
materials shall be reasonable and shall not provide nominal reimbursement in
order to claim that services and materials are covered services.

(4) For all
commercially insured plans, the covered services under any vision or health
insurance plan shall not limit, directly or indirectly, the choice of sources
and suppliers of materials by a patient of a vision or health care provider.

(g) No carrier, health insurer, third party administrator, entity that writes
vision or health insurance, or entity that manages a vision or health insurance
plan for a carrier or insurer shall change the terms, discounts or rates
provided under a vision or health insurance plan, policy or discount program
that is not an insurance plan, without first obtaining the health care
provider's concurrence and agreement to such change.

(h) If the insured has more than one vision or health insurance plan that
provides coverage for vision or health care services, the provider rendering
such service may submit a claim for reimbursement from either plan, but not
both.

(i) This act shall take effect on January 1, 2016.

Section 3 of Chapter 176D, as appearing in the 2014 Official
Edition, shall be amended by striking out subsection 12 in its entirety and
inserting in its place the following-:







 "(12) A violation of section 2B, 95, 113X, 181 to 183, inclusive, 187B to 187D,
inclusive, 189, 193E, 193K or 193V of chapter 175."

Section 2 of Chapter 176G, as appearing in the 2014 Official
Edition, shall be amended by inserting, after the words "seventy-five", the
following-:







 ", section 1 through 193U,"

  In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact
editorial@plusme

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                      November 14, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

eHealth Ready to Help Consumers Find Quality, Affordable Health Insurance During
Affordable Care Act's Nationwide Open Enrollment Period

LENGTH: 1429  words


Nov. 14 -- US-based eHealth, Inc. issued the following news release:

eHealth, Inc. (NASDAQ: EHTH) (eHealthInsurance.com), the nation's first and
largest private online health insurance exchange, is marking the beginning of
the nationwide open enrollment period for 2015 individual and family health
insurance plans under the Affordable Care Act (ACA) by highlighting the consumer
resources and selection of plans available through eHealth.

"eHealth will be open and ready for business for the 2015 open enrollment
period," said Bill Shaughnessy, President and Chief Operating Officer of
eHealth, Inc. "Whether you're currently uninsured, happy or unhappy with your
current plan, currently receiving government subsidies or ineligible for
subsidies, this is your chance to review your coverage options for 2015, apply
for subsidy assistance, and enroll in the individual or family health insurance
plan that's right for your needs and budget."

"eHealth stands ready to help make this year's open enrollment period a smooth
and helpful experience for health insurance consumers across the country,"
continued Mr. Shaughnessy.

"On a national scale, eHealth expects to offer more
2015 individual and family health insurance plans than any other marketplace in
the country.

eHealth delivers consumers personal help and support from real
licensed professionals as well as intuitive plan comparison tools and the
ability to look up plans accepted by specific doctors.

There's no better place
than eHealth to shop for health insurance during open enrollment."

The ACA's 2015 nationwide open enrollment period begins on November 15, 2014 and
is scheduled to continue through February 15, 2015.

Coverage under new 2015
health insurance plans selected during open enrollment may begin as early as
January 1, 2015, depending on the date when consumers submit their applications
and on the policies of individual insurance companies.

For many consumers, this open enrollment period may be their only chance to
apply for premium subsidies and enroll in the major medical individual and
family health insurance coverage they need for 2015.

Consumers without health
insurance at the end of the open enrollment period may have to wait until 2016
before getting health coverage that meets the requirements of the Affordable
Care Act.

eHealth will enroll both subsidy-eligible consumers and non-subsidy consumers

The ACA makes government subsidies available to certain individual and family
health insurance consumers earning up to 400% of the federal poverty level in
2015.

During the open enrollment period, eHealth plans to enroll
subsidy-eligible consumers in the majority of states, including California and
the 37 states served by the federally-facilitated marketplace, utilizing broker
portals made available by these exchanges.

The company will also continue to
enroll unsubsidized individuals and families in ACA-compliant plans available
outside of government exchanges.

eHealth will offer a broad selection of 2015 health insurance plans

For the ACA's 2015 open enrollment period, eHealth expects to offer the largest
inventory of any marketplace for individual and family health insurance plans,
including both on-exchange and off-exchange plans.

For unsubsidized consumers,
eHealth expects to have more than 3,700 non-subsidy plans from more than 100
insurance companies across the country.

For subsidy-eligible consumers, eHealth
expects to offer more than 3,400 health insurance plans from more than 90
insurance companies, including access to on-exchange plans available through
government-run marketplaces in 38 states.

All of these major medical plans meet
ACA requirements and protect consumers from 2015 tax penalties as long as they
maintain their enrollment through 2015 without a gap or three months or longer.

eHealth is easier to use than ever before

eHealth's consumer-focused plan comparison and enrollment website provides
consumers with the easiest way to find the individual and family health
insurance plans best suited to their needs and budget and to enroll in coverage
online.

In its efforts to continually improve the consumer experience, eHealth
has made over 550 website enhancements since the close of the 2014 open
enrollment period on March 31, 2014.

Online tools and resources available to
consumers through eHealth include:

* A mobile-responsive website experience and quotes by text -- More and more
consumers want to shop using their mobile devices and eHealth's online health
insurance shopping experience is now more responsive and optimized for mobile
users.

eHealth will also begin offering shoppers who call in to eHealth's
Customer Care Center the ability to ask for personalized health insurance quotes
to be sent to them by text.

* The ability to look up which plans are accepted by specific doctors -- Many
consumers with preferred doctors and hospitals are wary of switching to plans
that may require them to change providers.

Based on network information provided
from the insurance companies, eHealth allows consumers to search for plans
accepted by specific primary care physicians or specialists.

* Simple, accurate, no-commitment quotes from brand-name insurance plans --
eHealth does not require consumers to create an account before they can review
personalized health insurance quotes from a broad selection of health insurance
plans in their area.

Since health insurance rates are regulated, consumers will
never find plans sold through eHealth available for lower monthly premiums
anywhere else.

* Comparison tools that make it easy to narrow down your choices -- The best way
for consumers to save money on health insurance is to shop from a broad
selection of plans and find the best match for their needs.

eHealth allows
shoppers to make detailed comparisons of up to five plans at a time.

It also
allows them to sort their plan choices based on doctors-in-network, monthly
premium, annual deductible, coinsurance, plan type, metal level, and whether
office visits are covered before or after the deductible.

* The ability to save applications in progress and return to them later --
eHealth has made the process of shopping for health insurance as simple and
streamlined as possible but consumers may still need to temporarily set aside
their application.

eHealth allows consumers to save applications in progress and
return to them later without requiring them to start all over again.

eHealth offers customer support and resources that make a difference

Health insurance is a complex product and many consumers find the process of
selecting a health insurance plan for themselves or their family stressful and
overwhelming.

eHealth has always put customer support and education front and
center.

For the ACA's 2015 nationwide open enrollment period, eHealth is
offering consumers support and education in the following ways:

* Access to licensed health insurance agents -- During open enrollment,
eHealth's licensed health insurance agents and knowledgeable representatives
will be available to answer questions and help consumers by telephone, email,
and online chat.

* eHealth's Customer Resource Center -- Providing health insurance consumers
with access to dozens of educational videos, articles on a broad variety of
health insurance topics, and more, eHealth's Customer Resource Center is
designed to help consumers better understand their options.

* The eHealth Subsidy Help Center -- Consumers who received government subsidies
in 2014 may not automatically continue receiving subsidies in 2015, and persons
newly eligible for subsidies in 2015 should understand how subsidies work.

eHealth's Subsidy Help Center addresses consumers' subsidy questions and
concerns for 2015.

* Dozens of easy-to-understand educational videos -- Through eHealth's YouTube
channel, consumers can find new video playlists offering tips for health
insurance shoppers, help and insight for subsidy-eligible shoppers, advice on
what to do when your old plan is being cancelled, and more.

* Free health insurance shopping eBook -- eHealth's eBook "3 Steps to
Understanding the Affordble Care Act" is available for free and specially
designed to help consumers understand the health reform law and how to buy
individual or family health insurance for 2015.

* The eHealth Price Index -- eHealth's Health Insurance Price Index tracks what
eHealth shoppers are paying for individual and family health insurance plans on
a day-to-day basis.

eHealth intends to update the Index with new price data
after the 2015 open enrollment period has started.

Source: eHealth, Inc.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                     January 4, 2012 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Navali: Health Insurance Outlet Provides Tips for Saving on Health Insurance

LENGTH: 452  words


New Delhi, Jan. 4 -- Fast, Free and Secure Online Health Insurance Quotes for
Individuals, Families and Small Businesses.

You can apply directly online at
www.healthinsuranceoutlet.com.

Navali & Company, insurance agency and parent company of Health Insurance
Outlet, educates consumers on the best ways to save on health insurance.

Through
our website, www.healthinsuranceoutlet.com, consumers can click on "Tips For
Savings On Health Insurance" on the home page and learn more about how to save
on California health insurance.

Health Insurance Outlet's top 6 ways to save on individual health insurance:

1) Comparison shop across all the health insurance plans

Based on your affordability, see what plans make sense for your health history.

If you are a healthier person, maybe a higher deductible plan will be the right
route for you.

2) Choose an individual health insurance plan with a smaller network

This will instantly save you money because health insurance carriers will always
charge you a premium if the network is large.

3) Increase your deductible on your California health insurance plan

The deductible is the money you have to pay out of your own pocket first before
the insurance carrier will start paying benefits.

4) Consider your health history and how old you are

For instance, if you do not have a history of taking prescription drugs, then
pick a plan with lower drug benefits and that will lower your California health
insurance premium.

5) Ask your employer if they offer health insurance

For the most part, group insurance through your employer will have lower monthly
premiums.

This is also because employers are required to contribute towards your
health coverage and that will always save you money.

6) Consider HSAs to maximize your tax benefits

Health Savings Accounts (HSAs) are great ways to spend your tax dollars wisely.

These health insurance plans are meant for people who have recurring or
predictable health care needs.

To learn more about how to save on individual and family health insurance,
please visit our "Tips For Savings On Health Insurance" page.

HealthInsuranceOutlet.com Makes It Easy To Compare And Save On Health Insurance:


* Information About Plans, Benefits, Limitations, Prescription Drugs and more

* Shop for Individual, Family, Child-Only, Short Term, Dental and Small Business
Health Insurance Plans

* Compare health insurance plans side-by-side to see which plan is best

* Interactive Blog to keep consumers up-to-date on everything about health
insurance

Please visit www.healthinsuranceoutlet.com for all your health insurance needs.

Or simply bookmark us so you will have a resource in the future.

We provide
health insurance plans from all the major carriers in California.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2012 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 999 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright 2017 Thomson Financial, All Rights Reserved
                            Reuters Knowledge Direct

                                August 21, 2017

                                 eHealth, Inc.

                              440 E Middlefield Rd
                         MOUNTAIN VIEW,  CA 94043-4006
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: Main Phone: 1-650-5842700, Contact Phone: 1-650-2103111
FAX: 1-302-6555049
URL: Home Page: http://www.ehealthinsurance.com/
E-MAIL: kate.sidorovich@ehealth.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: EHTH
CUSIP: 28238P109
IRS No.

: 562357876
CIK: 0001333493
ISIN: US28238P1093
SEDOL: B1G0F83
Reuters Instrument Code: EHTH.O
Display RIC: EHTH.OQ

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: February 22, 2002
PLACE OF INCORPORATION: Delaware
LEGAL STATUS: Equity Issue
OPERATING STATUS: Active
EMPLOYEES: 944

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
CONTACT: Kate Sidorovich, IR Contact Officer



OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS
NAME            CURRENT TITLE (DATE)      OFFICER      DIRECTOR     AGE   SEX
                                          SINCE        SINCE
Mr. Scott       Chief Executive Officer,  2016         2008         59    M
Flanders CPA    Director (2016)
Mr. David       Chief Financial Officer,  2016                      49    M
Francis         Chief Operating Officer
                (2016)
Mr. Robert      President - Medicare      2007                      56    M
Hurley          Products (2016)
Jay Jennings    Senior Vice President -   2016                      43    M
                Finance, Principal
                Accounting Officer (2016)
Mr. Dave        Senior Vice President -   2017                            M
Nicklaus        Sales and Operations
                (2017)
Mr. Tim Hannan  Chief Marketing Officer   2017                            M
                (2017)
The Hon.

Ellen  Independent Non-Executive              2012         65    F
Tauscher        Chairman of the Board
                (2016)
Mr. Michael     Independent Director                   1999         58    M
Goldberg        (2016)
Mr. Randall     Independent Director                   2008         62    M
Livingston      (2014)
Mr. Jack Oliver Independent Director                   2005         46    M
III             (2005)

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   eHealth, Inc., incorporated on February 22, 2002, provides a private online
source of health insurance for individuals, families and small businesses.

The
Company is the parent company of eHealthInsurance, a private health insurance
exchange where individuals, families and small businesses can compare health
insurance products from various insurers side-by-side, and purchase and enroll
in coverage online through its Websites (www.eHealth.com,
www.eHealthInsurance.com, www.eHealthMedicare.com, www.Medicare.com and
www.PlanPrescriber.com) or telephonically through its customer care centers.

The
Company also offers various online and pharmacy-based tools to help seniors
navigate Medicare health insurance options, choose the right plan, and enroll in
plans online or telephonically.

Its e-commerce platform can be accessed directly
through its Websites, as well as through its network of marketing partners.

The
Company's e-commerce technology also enables it to deliver consumers' health
insurance applications electronically to health insurance carriers.

The Company's Medicare e-commerce platforms and telephonic enrollment
capabilities enable consumers to research, compare and purchase Medicare-related
health insurance plans, including Medicare Advantage, Medicare Supplement and
Medicare Part D prescription drug plans.

The Company markets the availability of
individual and family, small business and ancillary health insurance plans of
various insurance carriers through its e-commerce platforms (www.eHealth.com and
www.eHealthInsurance.com).

The Company generates revenue from its online
sponsorship and advertising program that allows carriers to purchase advertising
space in specific markets in a sponsorship area on its Website, and allows
Medicare-related carriers to purchase advertising on a separate Website
developed, hosted and maintained by the Company.

Its technology platform enables
health insurance carriers and agents to market and distribute health insurance
plans online.

The Company offers various plans, such as Medicare-related health
insurance; various medical individual and family health insurance coverage, such
as preferred provider organization, health maintenance organization and
indemnity plans; health savings account-eligible insurance plans, and ancillary
health insurance plans, which primarily consist of short-term, dental, life,
vision and accident insurance plans.

The Company's e-commerce platforms have various features, such as online rate
quoting and plan information; plan comparison and recommendations; online
application and enrollment forms; electronic processing interchange, and back
office systems.

The Company's e-commerce platforms provide consumers online rate
quotes and plan benefit information from a range of health insurance carriers.

It offers online comparison and recommendation tools that condense health
insurance information.

Its e-commerce platform enables consumers to compare and
contrast health insurance plans in a side-by-side format based on plan
characteristics, such as price, plan type, deductible amount, co-payment amount,
and in-network and out-of-network benefits.

The Medicare plan comparison tool enables Medicare-eligible individuals to
compare plan premiums, deductibles, out-of-pocket drug expenses, coverage
limitations on medications and other aspects of Medicare plans.

The Company's
automated recommendation capability for individual and family health insurance
presents a series of questions and recommends health insurance plans based on
the consumer's input.

The Company's graphical Application Designer Tool allows
it to capture each individual and family health insurance application's business
rules and build a corresponding online application in extensible markup language
(XML) format.

The Company's Electronic Processing Interchange (EPI) technology
integrates its online application process with health insurance carriers'
technology systems, enabling it to electronically deliver the Company's
consumers' applications to health insurance carriers.

The Company competes with the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services.

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY NAICS:
52421 - Insurance Agencies and Brokerages
SECONDARY NAICS:
514191 - On-Line Information Services
PRIMARY SIC:
6411 - Insurance Agents/brokers/service
SECONDARY SIC:
6411 - Insurance Agents/brokers/service
7375 - Information Retrieval Services
COMPETITORS:

     ·    Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc.
     ·    Willis Towers Watson PLC
     ·    Arthur J Gallagher & Co
     ·    Brown & Brown, Inc.


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2016

MOST RECENT EXCHANGE RATE:  1.0
CHART OF ACCOUNTS:  Industry
ACCOUNTING STANDARD:  U.S. GAAP
LATEST AVAILABLE ANNUAL:  20170821

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Cash                                     4,066           8,086          15,793
Cash & Equivalents                      57,715          54,624          35,622
Cash and Short Term                     61,781          62,710          51,415
Investments
Accounts Receivable - Trade,             1,948           3,511           2,462
Net
Receivables - Other                      7,265           6,136           6,014
Total Receivables, Net                   9,213           9,647           8,476
Prepaid Expenses                         2,937           2,394           3,416
Other Current Assets                     2,211           2,791           2,782
Other Current Assets, Total              2,211           2,791           3,168
Total Current Assets                    76,142          77,542          66,475
Buildings - Gross                        3,173           3,182           3,200
Machinery/Equipment - Gross             17,524          16,973          17,009
Other Property/Plant/Equipment           3,490           3,479           3,486
- Gross
Property/Plant/Equipment,               24,187          23,634          23,695
Total - Gross
Accumulated Depreciation,             (18,579)        (16,270)        (14,055)
Total
Property/Plant/Equipment,                5,608           7,364           9,640
Total - Net
Goodwill, Net                           14,096          14,096          14,096
Intangibles - Gross                     12,707          12,707          12,707
Accumulated Intangible                 (9,241)         (8,201)         (7,047)
Amortization
Intangibles, Net                         8,580           9,620          10,774
Deferred Charges                           280             188             224
Other Long Term Assets                   3,989           4,305           5,455
Other Long Term Assets, Total            4,473           4,697           5,679
Total Assets                           108,899         113,319         106,664



LIABILITIES ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Accounts Payable                         5,112           3,012           5,961
Accrued Expenses                        18,823          26,058          17,701
Customer Advances                          959             392             869
Other Payables                           3,030           2,474           2,206
Other Current liabilities,               3,989           2,866           3,075
Total
Total Current Liabilities               27,924          31,936          26,737
Other Long Term Liabilities              2,931           4,633           6,449
Other Liabilities, Total                 2,931           4,633           6,449
Total Liabilities                       31,298          36,898          33,186



EQUITY ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Common Stock                                29              29              29
Common Stock, Total                         29              29              29
Additional Paid-In Capital             272,778         266,699         259,007
Retained Earnings (Accumulated           4,616           9,498          14,261
Deficit)
Treasury Stock - Common              (199,998)       (199,998)       (199,998)
Other Comprehensive Income                 176             193             179
Other Equity, Total                        176             193             179
Total Equity                            77,601          76,421          73,478
Total Liabilities &                    108,899         113,319         106,664
Shareholders' Equity
Shares Outs - Common Stock              18,357          18,145          17,830
Primary Issue
Total Common Shares                     18,357          18,145          17,830
Outstanding



SUPPLEMENTAL ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Treas Shares - Common Stock                 11              11              11
Prmry Issue



FOOTNOTE
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Full-Time Employees                        944             869           1,058
Number of Common Shareholders               31              32              30
Intangibles - Net                        5,114           5,114           5,114
Goodwill - Net                          14,096          14,096          14,096
Accumulated Intangible Amort,            9,241           8,201           7,047
Suppl.

Deferred Revenue - Current                 959             392             869



RATIOS
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Total Current Assets less               76,142          77,542          66,475
Inventory('000 USD)
Quick Ratio                                  3               2               2
Current Ratio                                3               2               2
Net Debt Incl.

Pref.Stock &           (61,781)        (62,710)        (51,415)
Min.Interest('000 USD)
Tangible Book Value, Common             54,925          52,705          48,608
Equity('000 USD)
Tangible Book Value per Share,               3               3               3
Common Eq (USD)



FOOTNOTE DEBT ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Total Operating Leases,                     15              19              25
Supplemental
Operating Lease Payments Due                 7               6               8
in Year 1
Operating Lease Payments Due                 4               5               5
in Year 2
Operating Lease Payments Due                 1               3               5
in Year 3
Operating Lease Payments Due                 1               1               3
in Year 4
Operating Lease Payments Due                 1               1               1
in Year 5
Operating Lease Pymts.

188,896         185,320         180,416
Expenses, Total
Amortization of Intangibles              1,040           1,153           1,529
Depreciation/Amortization                1,040           1,153           1,529
Total Operating Expense                192,815         195,192         186,439
Operating Income                       (5,855)         (5,651)         (6,762)
Other Non-Operating Income                 102              45            (98)
(Expense)
Other, Net                                 102              45            (98)
Net Income Before Taxes                (5,753)         (5,606)         (6,860)
Provision for Income Taxes               (871)           (843)           9,345
Net Income After Taxes                 (4,882)         (4,763)        (16,205)
Net Income Before Extra.

Items         (4,882)         (4,763)        (16,205)
Income Available to Com Excl           (4,882)         (4,763)        (16,205)
ExtraOrd
Basic Weighted Average Shares           18,272          18,008          18,367
Basic EPS Excluding                          0               0             (1)
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Weighted Average                18,272          18,008          18,367
Shares
Diluted EPS Excluding ExtraOrd               0               0             (1)
Items



EXTRAORDINARY ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Net Income                             (4,882)         (4,763)        (16,205)
Income Available to Com Incl           (4,882)         (4,763)        (16,205)
ExtraOrd



NORMALIZED ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Normalized Income Before Taxes         (6,050)         (1,065)         (6,860)
Inc Tax Ex Impact of Sp Items            (975)             746           9,345
Normalized Income After Taxes          (5,075)         (1,811)        (16,205)
Normalized Inc. Avail to Com.

(5,075)         (1,811)        (16,205)
Basic Normalized EPS                         0               0             (1)
Diluted Normalized EPS                       0               0             (1)



RATIOS
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Gross Margin                                98              98              97
Operating Margin                            -3              -3              -4
Pretax Margin                               -3              -3              -4
Net Profit Margin                           -3              -3              -9
Normalized EBIT('000 USD)              (6,152)         (1,110)         (6,762)
Normalized EBITDA('000 USD)              (637)           4,818         (1,041)



FOOTNOTE TAX ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Current Tax - Domestic                   (948)           (584)             165
Current Tax - Foreign                      178              97              14
Current Tax - Local                      (214)           (457)             113
Current Tax - Total                      (984)           (944)             292
Deferred Tax - Domestic                    104             121           7,935
Deferred Tax - Foreign                    (15)            (30)           (174)
Deferred Tax - Local                        24              10           1,292
Deferred Tax - Total                       113             101           9,053
Income Tax - Total                       (871)           (843)           9,345



FOOTNOTE PENSION ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Defined Contribution Expense -             300             300             400
Domestic
Total Pension Expense                      300             300             400



SUPPLEMENTAL ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Basic EPS Including                          0               0             (1)
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Net Income                         (5)             (5)            (16)
Diluted EPS Including ExtraOrd               0               0             (1)
Items



FOOTNOTE
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Stock-Based Compensation,                1,237           7,002           5,877
Supplemental
Depreciation, Supplemental               3,539           4,148           4,192
Amort of Intangibles,                    1,976           1,780           1,529
Supplemental
Rental Expense, Supplemental             4,500           4,800           5,300
Labor & Related Expense Suppl.

7,266           6,889           5,877
Advertising Expense,                    64,800          63,400          61,300
Supplemental
Research & Development Exp,              8,900          10,100          12,100
Supplemental

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Net Income/Starting Line               (4,882)         (4,763)        (16,205)
Depreciation                             3,539           4,148           4,192
Depreciation/Depletion                   3,539           4,148           4,192
Amortization of Intangibles              1,040           1,153           1,529
Amortization                             1,040           1,153           1,529
Deferred Taxes                             114             101           9,163
Other Non-Cash Items                     9,618           9,741           8,029
Non-Cash Items                           9,618           9,741           8,029
Accounts Receivable                        434         (1,447)         (3,614)
Prepaid Expenses                         (486)             997           (550)
Accounts Payable                         2,227         (2,949)           1,581
Accrued Expenses                       (7,439)           8,604         (1,604)
Other Liabilities                         (82)         (1,889)           (742)
Changes in Working Capital             (5,346)           3,316         (4,929)
Cash from Operating Activities           4,083          13,696           1,779
Purchase of Fixed Assets               (3,726)         (2,996)         (3,604)
Capital Expenditures                   (3,726)         (2,996)         (8,104)
Cash from Investing Activities         (3,726)         (2,996)         (8,104)
Other Financing Cash Flow              (1,248)           (922)         (3,369)
Financing Cash Flow Items              (1,248)           (922)         (3,369)
Options Exercised                           62           1,572           4,112
Issuance (Retirement) of                    62           1,572        (45,888)
Stock, Net
Long Term Debt Reduction                  (83)            (73)            (74)
Long Term Debt, Net                       (83)            (73)            (74)
Issuance (Retirement) of Debt,            (83)            (73)            (74)
Net
Cash from Financing Activities         (1,269)             577        (49,331)
Foreign Exchange Effects                  (17)              18              16
Net Change in Cash                       (929)          11,295        (55,640)
Net Cash - Beginning Balance            62,710          51,415         107,055
Net Cash - Ending Balance               61,781          62,710          51,415
Cash Interest Paid                          14              34              26
Cash Taxes Paid                            628               6               5

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY SPECIFIC:


Balance Sheet
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          76,142
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         89,393
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           108,899
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          121,632
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            120,793
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          77,601
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         98,131
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         97,097
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           54,925
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           75,975
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          66,080
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          61,781
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                           18,579
year ('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           27,924
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         22,071
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             31,298
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           23,501
USD)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          9,213
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             18,614
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             77,601
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           98,131
USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           4,579
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          1,371
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            5,310
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                           357
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (2,074)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               109
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -119.57
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -146.50
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg.

Diluted                           223
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        16
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     49
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.68
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .88
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.51
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                       (5,385,549)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                          (73,336,520)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       (6,651,483)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            68.50
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 8.24
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                 208.36
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           206,243.80
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               118,787.30
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 193,575.20
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    2.73
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        4.05
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            4.74
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.63
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              3.68
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         -1.51
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  -.24
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 -1.51
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                        1.40
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   -3.90
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                 -11.60
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                       9.13
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                            -43.64
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         -3,482.39
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -151.87
EPS Change % - year over year                                             -1.02
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                              -171.60
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          97.52
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            1.43
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                      -3,526.05
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -151.64
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -168.80
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -2.50
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -25.00
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -64.58
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -8.39
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          -1.36
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              11.79
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                4.28
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                7.93
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          -.07
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -23.96
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         3,176
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                               204
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          2,292
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (4,882)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (17,260)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (6,279)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (5,075)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (5,753)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                      (17,135)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (8,882)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (6,050)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (6,152)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (17,225)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (9,271)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                (637)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                             4,818
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 (15,854)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (3,961)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (4,882)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (17,260)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (6,279)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (5,075)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (4,882)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (4,882)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            186,960
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 27,957
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            199,481
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  182,735
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (871)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 125
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               (2,603)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (4,882)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (6,279)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (362)
Extraordinary Items, Avg.

Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (6,369)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 -2.35
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -4.39
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -54.35
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               8.09
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -5.20
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 -2.99
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             -6.34
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                           -65.62
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              10.23
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              -6.43
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     -2.86
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -6.01
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -64.75
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -6.24
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               4,227
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               5,364
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             2,992
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             4,153
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              204
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               227
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share.

most recent quarter                              60
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                                35
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                            65
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             1,871
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               (3,448)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (860)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                           205
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              817
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                             (53)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            3,366
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           3,612
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (215)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (267)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (934)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             503
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (338)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (267)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (934)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   498
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (357)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (267)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (934)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   498
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (357)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (278)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                              20
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                               594
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                            364
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (445)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (112)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           142
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                  6
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            10,232
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          6,068
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,513
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              9,915
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           27.90
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 28.14
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                         624.45
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           11.14
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                  535.48
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    80.53
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    4.20
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        3.31
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            2.61
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                        519.46
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                          17.20
month
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                          921.06
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                        3,016.67
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.76
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       2.93
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.28
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.80
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  5.99
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               4.33
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   2.52
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               3.51
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              3.56
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              4.53
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              3.10
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     -.34
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          -2.17
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 98.30
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 97.80
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             97.52
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        99.27
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          98.75
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        -1.91
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -2.61
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -2.51
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -61.74
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.58
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   -3.44
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -3.13
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             -2.98
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          -.12
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -61.61
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      -5.00
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -3.08
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -2.96
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                             -.13
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -61.29
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         -4.86
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           101.04
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          159.95
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            103.25
Float                                                                     17.86
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        328,817
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             18.21
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            18.43
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          18.27
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         18.48
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          18.36
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              18.30
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            18.06
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              18.54
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         18.16
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            18.38
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           18.27
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           18.48
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            96.35



Cash Flow
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          76,142
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         89,393
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           108,899
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          121,632
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            120,793
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          77,601
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         98,131
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         97,097
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           54,925
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           75,975
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          66,080
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          61,781
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                           18,579
year ('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           27,924
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         22,071
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             31,298
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           23,501
USD)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          9,213
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             18,614
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             77,601
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           98,131
USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           4,579
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          1,371
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            5,310
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                           357
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (2,074)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               109
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -119.57
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -146.50
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg.

Diluted                           223
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        16
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     49
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.68
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .88
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.51
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                       (5,385,549)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                          (73,336,520)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       (6,651,483)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            68.50
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 8.24
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                 208.36
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           206,243.80
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               118,787.30
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 193,575.20
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    2.73
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        4.05
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            4.74
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.63
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              3.68
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         -1.51
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  -.24
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 -1.51
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                        1.40
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   -3.90
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                 -11.60
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                       9.13
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                            -43.64
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         -3,482.39
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -151.87
EPS Change % - year over year                                             -1.02
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                              -171.60
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          97.52
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            1.43
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                      -3,526.05
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -151.64
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -168.80
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -2.50
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -25.00
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -64.58
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -8.39
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          -1.36
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              11.79
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                4.28
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                7.93
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          -.07
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -23.96
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         3,176
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                               204
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          2,292
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (4,882)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (17,260)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (6,279)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (5,075)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (5,753)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                      (17,135)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (8,882)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (6,050)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (6,152)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (17,225)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (9,271)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                (637)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                             4,818
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 (15,854)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (3,961)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (4,882)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (17,260)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (6,279)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (5,075)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (4,882)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (4,882)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            186,960
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 27,957
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            199,481
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  182,735
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (871)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 125
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               (2,603)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (4,882)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (6,279)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (362)
Extraordinary Items, Avg.

Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (6,369)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 -2.35
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -4.39
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -54.35
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               8.09
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -5.20
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 -2.99
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             -6.34
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                           -65.62
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              10.23
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              -6.43
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     -2.86
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -6.01
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -64.75
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -6.24
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               4,227
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               5,364
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             2,992
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             4,153
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              204
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               227
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share.

most recent quarter                              60
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                                35
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                            65
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             1,871
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               (3,448)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (860)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                           205
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              817
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                             (53)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            3,366
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           3,612
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (215)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (267)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (934)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             503
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (338)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (267)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (934)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   498
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (357)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (267)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (934)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   498
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (357)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (278)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                              20
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                               594
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                            364
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (445)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (112)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           142
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                  6
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            10,232
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          6,068
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,513
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              9,915
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           27.90
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 28.14
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                         624.45
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           11.14
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                  535.48
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    80.53
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    4.20
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        3.31
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            2.61
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                        519.46
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                          17.20
month
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                          921.06
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                        3,016.67
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.76
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       2.93
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.28
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.80
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  5.99
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               4.33
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   2.52
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               3.51
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              3.56
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              4.53
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              3.10
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     -.34
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          -2.17
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 98.30
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 97.80
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             97.52
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        99.27
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          98.75
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        -1.91
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -2.61
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -2.51
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -61.74
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.58
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   -3.44
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -3.13
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             -2.98
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          -.12
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -61.61
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      -5.00
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -3.08
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -2.96
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                             -.13
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -61.29
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         -4.86
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           101.04
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          159.95
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            103.25
Float                                                                     17.86
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        328,817
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             18.21
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            18.43
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          18.27
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         18.48
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          18.36
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              18.30
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            18.06
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              18.54
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         18.16
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            18.38
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           18.27
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           18.48
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            96.35



Descriptive
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          76,142
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         89,393
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           108,899
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          121,632
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            120,793
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          77,601
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         98,131
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         97,097
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           54,925
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           75,975
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          66,080
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          61,781
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                           18,579
year ('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           27,924
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         22,071
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             31,298
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           23,501
USD)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          9,213
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             18,614
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             77,601
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           98,131
USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           4,579
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          1,371
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            5,310
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                           357
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (2,074)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               109
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -119.57
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -146.50
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg.

Diluted                           223
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        16
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     49
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.68
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .88
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.51
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                       (5,385,549)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                          (73,336,520)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       (6,651,483)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            68.50
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 8.24
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                 208.36
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           206,243.80
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               118,787.30
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 193,575.20
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    2.73
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        4.05
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            4.74
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.63
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              3.68
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         -1.51
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  -.24
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 -1.51
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                        1.40
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   -3.90
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                 -11.60
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                       9.13
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                            -43.64
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         -3,482.39
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -151.87
EPS Change % - year over year                                             -1.02
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                              -171.60
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          97.52
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            1.43
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                      -3,526.05
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -151.64
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -168.80
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -2.50
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -25.00
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -64.58
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -8.39
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          -1.36
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              11.79
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                4.28
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                7.93
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          -.07
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -23.96
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         3,176
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                               204
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          2,292
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (4,882)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (17,260)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (6,279)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (5,075)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (5,753)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                      (17,135)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (8,882)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (6,050)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (6,152)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (17,225)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (9,271)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                (637)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                             4,818
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 (15,854)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (3,961)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (4,882)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (17,260)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (6,279)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (5,075)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (4,882)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (4,882)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            186,960
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 27,957
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            199,481
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  182,735
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (871)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 125
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               (2,603)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (4,882)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (6,279)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (362)
Extraordinary Items, Avg.

Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (6,369)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 -2.35
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -4.39
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -54.35
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               8.09
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -5.20
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 -2.99
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             -6.34
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                           -65.62
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              10.23
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              -6.43
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     -2.86
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -6.01
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -64.75
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -6.24
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               4,227
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               5,364
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             2,992
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             4,153
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              204
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               227
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share.

most recent quarter                              60
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                                35
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                            65
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             1,871
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               (3,448)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (860)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                           205
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              817
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                             (53)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            3,366
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           3,612
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (215)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (267)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (934)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             503
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (338)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (267)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (934)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   498
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (357)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (267)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (934)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   498
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (357)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (278)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                              20
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                               594
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                            364
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (445)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (112)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           142
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                  6
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            10,232
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          6,068
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,513
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              9,915
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           27.90
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 28.14
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                         624.45
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           11.14
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                  535.48
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    80.53
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    4.20
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        3.31
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            2.61
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                        519.46
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                          17.20
month
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                          921.06
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                        3,016.67
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.76
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       2.93
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.28
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.80
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  5.99
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               4.33
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   2.52
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               3.51
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              3.56
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              4.53
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              3.10
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     -.34
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          -2.17
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 98.30
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 97.80
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             97.52
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        99.27
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          98.75
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        -1.91
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -2.61
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -2.51
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -61.74
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.58
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   -3.44
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -3.13
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             -2.98
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          -.12
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -61.61
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      -5.00
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -3.08
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -2.96
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                             -.13
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -61.29
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         -4.86
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           101.04
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          159.95
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            103.25
Float                                                                     17.86
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        328,817
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             18.21
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            18.43
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          18.27
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         18.48
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          18.36
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              18.30
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            18.06
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              18.54
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         18.16
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            18.38
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           18.27
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           18.48
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            96.35



Efficiency Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          76,142
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         89,393
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           108,899
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          121,632
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            120,793
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          77,601
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         98,131
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         97,097
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           54,925
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           75,975
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          66,080
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          61,781
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                           18,579
year ('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           27,924
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         22,071
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             31,298
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           23,501
USD)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          9,213
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             18,614
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             77,601
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           98,131
USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           4,579
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          1,371
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            5,310
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                           357
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (2,074)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               109
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -119.57
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -146.50
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg.

Diluted                           223
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        16
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     49
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.68
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .88
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.51
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                       (5,385,549)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                          (73,336,520)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       (6,651,483)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            68.50
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 8.24
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                 208.36
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           206,243.80
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               118,787.30
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 193,575.20
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    2.73
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        4.05
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            4.74
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.63
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              3.68
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         -1.51
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  -.24
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 -1.51
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                        1.40
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   -3.90
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                 -11.60
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                       9.13
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                            -43.64
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         -3,482.39
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -151.87
EPS Change % - year over year                                             -1.02
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                              -171.60
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          97.52
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            1.43
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                      -3,526.05
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -151.64
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -168.80
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -2.50
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -25.00
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -64.58
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -8.39
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          -1.36
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              11.79
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                4.28
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                7.93
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          -.07
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -23.96
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         3,176
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                               204
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          2,292
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (4,882)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (17,260)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (6,279)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (5,075)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (5,753)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                      (17,135)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (8,882)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (6,050)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (6,152)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (17,225)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (9,271)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                (637)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                             4,818
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 (15,854)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (3,961)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (4,882)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (17,260)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (6,279)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (5,075)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (4,882)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (4,882)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            186,960
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 27,957
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            199,481
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  182,735
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (871)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 125
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               (2,603)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (4,882)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (6,279)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (362)
Extraordinary Items, Avg.

Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (6,369)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 -2.35
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -4.39
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -54.35
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               8.09
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -5.20
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 -2.99
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             -6.34
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                           -65.62
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              10.23
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              -6.43
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     -2.86
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -6.01
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -64.75
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -6.24
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               4,227
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               5,364
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             2,992
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             4,153
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              204
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               227
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share.

most recent quarter                              60
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                                35
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                            65
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             1,871
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               (3,448)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (860)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                           205
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              817
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                             (53)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            3,366
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           3,612
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (215)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (267)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (934)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             503
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (338)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (267)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (934)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   498
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (357)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (267)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (934)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   498
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (357)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (278)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                              20
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                               594
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                            364
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (445)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (112)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           142
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                  6
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            10,232
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          6,068
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,513
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              9,915
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           27.90
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 28.14
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                         624.45
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           11.14
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                  535.48
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    80.53
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    4.20
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        3.31
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            2.61
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                        519.46
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                          17.20
month
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                          921.06
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                        3,016.67
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.76
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       2.93
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.28
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.80
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  5.99
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               4.33
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   2.52
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               3.51
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              3.56
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              4.53
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              3.10
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     -.34
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          -2.17
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 98.30
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 97.80
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             97.52
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        99.27
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          98.75
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        -1.91
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -2.61
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -2.51
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -61.74
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.58
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   -3.44
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -3.13
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             -2.98
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          -.12
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -61.61
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      -5.00
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -3.08
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -2.96
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                             -.13
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -61.29
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         -4.86
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           101.04
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          159.95
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            103.25
Float                                                                     17.86
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        328,817
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             18.21
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            18.43
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          18.27
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         18.48
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          18.36
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              18.30
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            18.06
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              18.54
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         18.16
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            18.38
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           18.27
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           18.48
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            96.35



Financial Strength
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          76,142
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         89,393
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           108,899
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          121,632
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            120,793
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          77,601
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         98,131
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         97,097
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           54,925
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           75,975
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          66,080
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          61,781
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                           18,579
year ('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           27,924
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         22,071
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             31,298
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           23,501
USD)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          9,213
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             18,614
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             77,601
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           98,131
USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           4,579
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          1,371
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            5,310
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                           357
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (2,074)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               109
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -119.57
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -146.50
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg.

Diluted                           223
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        16
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     49
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.68
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .88
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.51
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                       (5,385,549)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                          (73,336,520)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       (6,651,483)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            68.50
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 8.24
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                 208.36
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           206,243.80
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               118,787.30
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 193,575.20
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    2.73
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        4.05
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            4.74
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.63
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              3.68
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         -1.51
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  -.24
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 -1.51
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                        1.40
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   -3.90
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                 -11.60
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                       9.13
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                            -43.64
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         -3,482.39
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -151.87
EPS Change % - year over year                                             -1.02
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                              -171.60
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          97.52
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            1.43
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                      -3,526.05
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -151.64
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -168.80
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -2.50
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -25.00
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -64.58
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -8.39
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          -1.36
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              11.79
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                4.28
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                7.93
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          -.07
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -23.96
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         3,176
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                               204
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          2,292
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (4,882)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (17,260)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (6,279)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (5,075)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (5,753)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                      (17,135)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (8,882)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (6,050)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (6,152)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (17,225)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (9,271)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                (637)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                             4,818
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 (15,854)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (3,961)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (4,882)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (17,260)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (6,279)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (5,075)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (4,882)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (4,882)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            186,960
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 27,957
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            199,481
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  182,735
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (871)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 125
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               (2,603)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (4,882)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (6,279)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (362)
Extraordinary Items, Avg.

Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (6,369)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 -2.35
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -4.39
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -54.35
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               8.09
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -5.20
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 -2.99
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             -6.34
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                           -65.62
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              10.23
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              -6.43
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     -2.86
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -6.01
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -64.75
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -6.24
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               4,227
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               5,364
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             2,992
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             4,153
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              204
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               227
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share.

most recent quarter                              60
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                                35
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                            65
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             1,871
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               (3,448)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (860)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                           205
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              817
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                             (53)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            3,366
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           3,612
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (215)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (267)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (934)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             503
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (338)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (267)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (934)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   498
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (357)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (267)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (934)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   498
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (357)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (278)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                              20
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                               594
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                            364
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (445)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (112)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           142
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                  6
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            10,232
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          6,068
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,513
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              9,915
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           27.90
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 28.14
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                         624.45
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           11.14
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                  535.48
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    80.53
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    4.20
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        3.31
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            2.61
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                        519.46
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                          17.20
month
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                          921.06
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                        3,016.67
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.76
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       2.93
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.28
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.80
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  5.99
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               4.33
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   2.52
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               3.51
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              3.56
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              4.53
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              3.10
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     -.34
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          -2.17
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 98.30
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 97.80
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             97.52
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        99.27
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          98.75
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        -1.91
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -2.61
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -2.51
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -61.74
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.58
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   -3.44
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -3.13
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             -2.98
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          -.12
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -61.61
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      -5.00
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -3.08
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -2.96
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                             -.13
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -61.29
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         -4.86
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           101.04
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          159.95
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            103.25
Float                                                                     17.86
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        328,817
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             18.21
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            18.43
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          18.27
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         18.48
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          18.36
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              18.30
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            18.06
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              18.54
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         18.16
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            18.38
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           18.27
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           18.48
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            96.35



Growth Rates
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          76,142
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         89,393
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           108,899
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          121,632
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            120,793
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          77,601
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         98,131
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         97,097
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           54,925
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           75,975
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          66,080
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          61,781
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                           18,579
year ('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           27,924
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         22,071
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             31,298
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           23,501
USD)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          9,213
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             18,614
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             77,601
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           98,131
USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           4,579
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          1,371
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            5,310
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                           357
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (2,074)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               109
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -119.57
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -146.50
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg.

Diluted                           223
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        16
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     49
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.68
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .88
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.51
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                       (5,385,549)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                          (73,336,520)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       (6,651,483)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            68.50
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 8.24
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                 208.36
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           206,243.80
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               118,787.30
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 193,575.20
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    2.73
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        4.05
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            4.74
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.63
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              3.68
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         -1.51
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  -.24
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 -1.51
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                        1.40
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   -3.90
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                 -11.60
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                       9.13
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                            -43.64
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         -3,482.39
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -151.87
EPS Change % - year over year                                             -1.02
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                              -171.60
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          97.52
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            1.43
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                      -3,526.05
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -151.64
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -168.80
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -2.50
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -25.00
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -64.58
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -8.39
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          -1.36
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              11.79
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                4.28
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                7.93
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          -.07
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -23.96
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         3,176
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                               204
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          2,292
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (4,882)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (17,260)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (6,279)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (5,075)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (5,753)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                      (17,135)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (8,882)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (6,050)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (6,152)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (17,225)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (9,271)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                (637)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                             4,818
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 (15,854)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (3,961)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (4,882)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (17,260)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (6,279)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (5,075)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (4,882)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (4,882)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            186,960
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 27,957
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            199,481
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  182,735
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (871)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 125
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               (2,603)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (4,882)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (6,279)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (362)
Extraordinary Items, Avg.

Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (6,369)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 -2.35
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -4.39
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -54.35
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               8.09
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -5.20
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 -2.99
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             -6.34
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                           -65.62
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              10.23
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              -6.43
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     -2.86
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -6.01
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -64.75
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -6.24
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               4,227
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               5,364
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             2,992
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             4,153
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              204
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               227
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share.

most recent quarter                              60
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                                35
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                            65
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             1,871
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               (3,448)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (860)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                           205
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              817
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                             (53)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            3,366
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           3,612
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (215)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (267)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (934)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             503
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (338)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (267)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (934)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   498
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (357)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (267)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (934)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   498
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (357)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (278)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                              20
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                               594
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                            364
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (445)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (112)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           142
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                  6
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            10,232
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          6,068
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,513
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              9,915
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           27.90
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 28.14
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                         624.45
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           11.14
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                  535.48
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    80.53
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    4.20
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        3.31
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            2.61
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                        519.46
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                          17.20
month
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                          921.06
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                        3,016.67
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.76
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       2.93
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.28
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.80
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  5.99
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               4.33
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   2.52
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               3.51
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              3.56
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              4.53
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              3.10
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     -.34
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          -2.17
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 98.30
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 97.80
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             97.52
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        99.27
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          98.75
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        -1.91
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -2.61
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -2.51
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -61.74
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.58
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   -3.44
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -3.13
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             -2.98
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          -.12
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -61.61
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      -5.00
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -3.08
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -2.96
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                             -.13
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -61.29
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         -4.86
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           101.04
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          159.95
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            103.25
Float                                                                     17.86
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        328,817
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             18.21
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            18.43
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          18.27
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         18.48
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          18.36
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              18.30
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            18.06
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              18.54
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         18.16
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            18.38
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           18.27
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           18.48
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            96.35



Income Statement
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          76,142
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         89,393
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           108,899
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          121,632
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            120,793
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          77,601
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         98,131
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         97,097
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           54,925
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           75,975
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          66,080
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          61,781
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                           18,579
year ('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           27,924
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         22,071
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             31,298
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           23,501
USD)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          9,213
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             18,614
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             77,601
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           98,131
USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           4,579
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          1,371
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            5,310
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                           357
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (2,074)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               109
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -119.57
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -146.50
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg.

Diluted                           223
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        16
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     49
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.68
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .88
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.51
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                       (5,385,549)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                          (73,336,520)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       (6,651,483)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            68.50
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 8.24
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                 208.36
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           206,243.80
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               118,787.30
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 193,575.20
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    2.73
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        4.05
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            4.74
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.63
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              3.68
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         -1.51
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  -.24
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 -1.51
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                        1.40
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   -3.90
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                 -11.60
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                       9.13
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                            -43.64
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         -3,482.39
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -151.87
EPS Change % - year over year                                             -1.02
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                              -171.60
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          97.52
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            1.43
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                      -3,526.05
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -151.64
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -168.80
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -2.50
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -25.00
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -64.58
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -8.39
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          -1.36
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              11.79
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                4.28
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                7.93
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          -.07
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -23.96
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         3,176
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                               204
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          2,292
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (4,882)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (17,260)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (6,279)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (5,075)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (5,753)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                      (17,135)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (8,882)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (6,050)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (6,152)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (17,225)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (9,271)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                (637)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                             4,818
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 (15,854)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (3,961)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (4,882)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (17,260)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (6,279)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (5,075)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (4,882)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (4,882)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            186,960
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 27,957
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            199,481
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  182,735
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (871)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 125
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               (2,603)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (4,882)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (6,279)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (362)
Extraordinary Items, Avg.

Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (6,369)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 -2.35
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -4.39
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -54.35
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               8.09
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -5.20
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 -2.99
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             -6.34
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                           -65.62
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              10.23
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              -6.43
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     -2.86
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -6.01
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -64.75
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -6.24
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               4,227
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               5,364
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             2,992
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             4,153
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              204
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               227
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share.

most recent quarter                              60
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                                35
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                            65
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             1,871
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               (3,448)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (860)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                           205
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              817
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                             (53)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            3,366
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           3,612
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (215)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (267)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (934)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             503
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (338)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (267)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (934)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   498
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (357)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (267)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (934)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   498
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (357)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (278)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                              20
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                               594
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                            364
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (445)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (112)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           142
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                  6
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            10,232
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          6,068
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,513
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              9,915
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           27.90
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 28.14
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                         624.45
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           11.14
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                  535.48
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    80.53
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    4.20
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        3.31
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            2.61
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                        519.46
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                          17.20
month
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                          921.06
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                        3,016.67
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.76
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       2.93
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.28
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.80
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  5.99
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               4.33
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   2.52
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               3.51
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              3.56
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              4.53
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              3.10
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     -.34
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          -2.17
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 98.30
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 97.80
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             97.52
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        99.27
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          98.75
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        -1.91
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -2.61
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -2.51
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -61.74
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.58
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   -3.44
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -3.13
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             -2.98
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          -.12
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -61.61
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      -5.00
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -3.08
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -2.96
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                             -.13
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -61.29
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         -4.86
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           101.04
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          159.95
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            103.25
Float                                                                     17.86
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        328,817
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             18.21
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            18.43
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          18.27
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         18.48
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          18.36
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              18.30
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            18.06
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              18.54
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         18.16
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            18.38
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           18.27
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           18.48
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            96.35



Management Effectiveness
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          76,142
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         89,393
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           108,899
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          121,632
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            120,793
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          77,601
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         98,131
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         97,097
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           54,925
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           75,975
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          66,080
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          61,781
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                           18,579
year ('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           27,924
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         22,071
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             31,298
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           23,501
USD)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          9,213
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             18,614
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             77,601
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           98,131
USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           4,579
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          1,371
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            5,310
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                           357
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (2,074)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               109
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -119.57
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -146.50
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg.

Diluted                           223
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        16
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     49
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.68
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .88
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.51
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                       (5,385,549)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                          (73,336,520)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       (6,651,483)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            68.50
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 8.24
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                 208.36
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           206,243.80
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               118,787.30
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 193,575.20
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    2.73
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        4.05
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            4.74
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.63
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              3.68
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         -1.51
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  -.24
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 -1.51
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                        1.40
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   -3.90
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                 -11.60
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                       9.13
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                            -43.64
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         -3,482.39
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -151.87
EPS Change % - year over year                                             -1.02
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                              -171.60
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          97.52
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            1.43
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                      -3,526.05
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -151.64
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -168.80
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -2.50
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -25.00
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -64.58
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -8.39
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          -1.36
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              11.79
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                4.28
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                7.93
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          -.07
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -23.96
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         3,176
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                               204
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          2,292
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (4,882)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (17,260)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (6,279)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (5,075)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (5,753)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                      (17,135)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (8,882)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (6,050)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (6,152)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (17,225)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (9,271)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                (637)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                             4,818
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 (15,854)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (3,961)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (4,882)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (17,260)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (6,279)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (5,075)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (4,882)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (4,882)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            186,960
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 27,957
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            199,481
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  182,735
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (871)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 125
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               (2,603)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (4,882)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (6,279)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (362)
Extraordinary Items, Avg.

Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (6,369)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 -2.35
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -4.39
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -54.35
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               8.09
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -5.20
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 -2.99
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             -6.34
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                           -65.62
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              10.23
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              -6.43
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     -2.86
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -6.01
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -64.75
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -6.24
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               4,227
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               5,364
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             2,992
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             4,153
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              204
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               227
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share.

most recent quarter                              60
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                                35
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                            65
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             1,871
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               (3,448)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (860)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                           205
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              817
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                             (53)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            3,366
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           3,612
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (215)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (267)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (934)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             503
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (338)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (267)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (934)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   498
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (357)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (267)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (934)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   498
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (357)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (278)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                              20
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                               594
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                            364
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (445)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (112)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           142
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                  6
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            10,232
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          6,068
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,513
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              9,915
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           27.90
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 28.14
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                         624.45
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           11.14
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                  535.48
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    80.53
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    4.20
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        3.31
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            2.61
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                        519.46
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                          17.20
month
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                          921.06
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                        3,016.67
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.76
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       2.93
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.28
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.80
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  5.99
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               4.33
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   2.52
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               3.51
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              3.56
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              4.53
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              3.10
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     -.34
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          -2.17
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 98.30
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 97.80
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             97.52
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        99.27
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          98.75
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        -1.91
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -2.61
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -2.51
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -61.74
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.58
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   -3.44
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -3.13
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             -2.98
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          -.12
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -61.61
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      -5.00
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -3.08
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -2.96
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                             -.13
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -61.29
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         -4.86
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           101.04
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          159.95
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            103.25
Float                                                                     17.86
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        328,817
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             18.21
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            18.43
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          18.27
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         18.48
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          18.36
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              18.30
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            18.06
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              18.54
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         18.16
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            18.38
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           18.27
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           18.48
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            96.35



Per Share Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          76,142
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         89,393
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           108,899
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          121,632
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            120,793
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          77,601
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         98,131
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         97,097
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           54,925
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           75,975
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          66,080
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          61,781
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                           18,579
year ('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           27,924
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         22,071
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             31,298
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           23,501
USD)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          9,213
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             18,614
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             77,601
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           98,131
USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           4,579
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          1,371
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            5,310
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                           357
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (2,074)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               109
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -119.57
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -146.50
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg.

Diluted                           223
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        16
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     49
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.68
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .88
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.51
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                       (5,385,549)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                          (73,336,520)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       (6,651,483)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            68.50
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 8.24
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                 208.36
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           206,243.80
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               118,787.30
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 193,575.20
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    2.73
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        4.05
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            4.74
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.63
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              3.68
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         -1.51
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  -.24
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 -1.51
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                        1.40
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   -3.90
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                 -11.60
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                       9.13
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                            -43.64
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         -3,482.39
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -151.87
EPS Change % - year over year                                             -1.02
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                              -171.60
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          97.52
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            1.43
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                      -3,526.05
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -151.64
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -168.80
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -2.50
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -25.00
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -64.58
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -8.39
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          -1.36
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              11.79
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                4.28
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                7.93
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          -.07
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -23.96
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         3,176
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                               204
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          2,292
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (4,882)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (17,260)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (6,279)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (5,075)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (5,753)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                      (17,135)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (8,882)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (6,050)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (6,152)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (17,225)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (9,271)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                (637)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                             4,818
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 (15,854)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (3,961)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (4,882)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (17,260)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (6,279)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (5,075)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (4,882)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (4,882)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            186,960
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 27,957
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            199,481
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  182,735
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (871)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 125
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               (2,603)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (4,882)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (6,279)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (362)
Extraordinary Items, Avg.

Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (6,369)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 -2.35
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -4.39
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -54.35
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               8.09
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -5.20
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 -2.99
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             -6.34
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                           -65.62
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              10.23
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              -6.43
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     -2.86
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -6.01
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -64.75
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -6.24
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               4,227
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               5,364
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             2,992
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             4,153
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              204
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               227
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share.

most recent quarter                              60
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                                35
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                            65
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             1,871
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               (3,448)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (860)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                           205
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              817
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                             (53)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            3,366
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           3,612
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (215)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (267)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (934)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             503
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (338)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (267)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (934)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   498
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (357)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (267)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (934)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   498
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (357)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (278)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                              20
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                               594
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                            364
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (445)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (112)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           142
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                  6
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            10,232
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          6,068
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,513
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              9,915
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           27.90
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 28.14
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                         624.45
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           11.14
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                  535.48
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    80.53
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    4.20
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        3.31
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            2.61
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                        519.46
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                          17.20
month
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                          921.06
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                        3,016.67
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.76
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       2.93
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.28
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.80
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  5.99
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               4.33
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   2.52
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               3.51
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              3.56
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              4.53
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              3.10
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     -.34
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          -2.17
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 98.30
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 97.80
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             97.52
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        99.27
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          98.75
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        -1.91
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -2.61
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -2.51
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -61.74
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.58
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   -3.44
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -3.13
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             -2.98
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          -.12
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -61.61
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      -5.00
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -3.08
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -2.96
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                             -.13
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -61.29
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         -4.86
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           101.04
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          159.95
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            103.25
Float                                                                     17.86
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        328,817
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             18.21
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            18.43
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          18.27
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         18.48
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          18.36
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              18.30
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            18.06
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              18.54
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         18.16
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            18.38
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           18.27
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           18.48
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            96.35



Price Related
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          76,142
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         89,393
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           108,899
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          121,632
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            120,793
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          77,601
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         98,131
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         97,097
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           54,925
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           75,975
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          66,080
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          61,781
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                           18,579
year ('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           27,924
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         22,071
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             31,298
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           23,501
USD)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          9,213
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             18,614
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             77,601
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           98,131
USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           4,579
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          1,371
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            5,310
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                           357
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (2,074)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               109
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -119.57
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -146.50
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg.

Diluted                           223
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        16
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     49
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.68
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .88
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.51
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                       (5,385,549)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                          (73,336,520)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       (6,651,483)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            68.50
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 8.24
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                 208.36
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           206,243.80
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               118,787.30
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 193,575.20
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    2.73
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        4.05
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            4.74
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.63
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              3.68
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         -1.51
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  -.24
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 -1.51
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                        1.40
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   -3.90
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                 -11.60
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                       9.13
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                            -43.64
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         -3,482.39
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -151.87
EPS Change % - year over year                                             -1.02
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                              -171.60
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          97.52
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            1.43
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                      -3,526.05
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -151.64
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -168.80
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -2.50
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -25.00
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -64.58
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -8.39
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          -1.36
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              11.79
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                4.28
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                7.93
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          -.07
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -23.96
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         3,176
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                               204
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          2,292
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (4,882)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (17,260)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (6,279)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (5,075)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (5,753)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                      (17,135)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (8,882)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (6,050)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (6,152)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (17,225)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (9,271)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                (637)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                             4,818
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 (15,854)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (3,961)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (4,882)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (17,260)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (6,279)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (5,075)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (4,882)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (4,882)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            186,960
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 27,957
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            199,481
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  182,735
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (871)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 125
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               (2,603)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (4,882)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (6,279)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (362)
Extraordinary Items, Avg.

Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (6,369)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 -2.35
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -4.39
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -54.35
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               8.09
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -5.20
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 -2.99
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             -6.34
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                           -65.62
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              10.23
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              -6.43
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     -2.86
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -6.01
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -64.75
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -6.24
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               4,227
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               5,364
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             2,992
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             4,153
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              204
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               227
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share.

most recent quarter                              60
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                                35
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                            65
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             1,871
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               (3,448)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (860)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                           205
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              817
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                             (53)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            3,366
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           3,612
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (215)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (267)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (934)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             503
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (338)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (267)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (934)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   498
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (357)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (267)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (934)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   498
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (357)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (278)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                              20
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                               594
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                            364
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (445)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (112)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           142
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                  6
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            10,232
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          6,068
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,513
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              9,915
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           27.90
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 28.14
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                         624.45
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           11.14
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                  535.48
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    80.53
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    4.20
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        3.31
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            2.61
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                        519.46
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                          17.20
month
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                          921.06
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                        3,016.67
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.76
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       2.93
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.28
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.80
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  5.99
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               4.33
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   2.52
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               3.51
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              3.56
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              4.53
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              3.10
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     -.34
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          -2.17
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 98.30
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 97.80
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             97.52
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        99.27
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          98.75
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        -1.91
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -2.61
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -2.51
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -61.74
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.58
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   -3.44
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -3.13
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             -2.98
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          -.12
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -61.61
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      -5.00
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -3.08
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -2.96
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                             -.13
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -61.29
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         -4.86
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           101.04
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          159.95
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            103.25
Float                                                                     17.86
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        328,817
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             18.21
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            18.43
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          18.27
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         18.48
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          18.36
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              18.30
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            18.06
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              18.54
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         18.16
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            18.38
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           18.27
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           18.48
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            96.35



Profitability Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          76,142
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         89,393
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           108,899
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          121,632
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            120,793
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          77,601
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         98,131
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         97,097
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           54,925
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           75,975
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          66,080
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          61,781
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                           18,579
year ('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           27,924
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         22,071
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             31,298
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           23,501
USD)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          9,213
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             18,614
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             77,601
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           98,131
USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           4,579
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          1,371
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            5,310
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                           357
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (2,074)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               109
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -119.57
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -146.50
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg.

Diluted                           223
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        16
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     49
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.68
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .88
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.51
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                       (5,385,549)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                          (73,336,520)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       (6,651,483)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            68.50
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 8.24
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                 208.36
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           206,243.80
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               118,787.30
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 193,575.20
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    2.73
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        4.05
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            4.74
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.63
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              3.68
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         -1.51
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  -.24
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 -1.51
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                        1.40
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   -3.90
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                 -11.60
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                       9.13
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                            -43.64
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         -3,482.39
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -151.87
EPS Change % - year over year                                             -1.02
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                              -171.60
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          97.52
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            1.43
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                      -3,526.05
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -151.64
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -168.80
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -2.50
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -25.00
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -64.58
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -8.39
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          -1.36
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              11.79
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                4.28
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                7.93
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          -.07
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -23.96
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         3,176
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                               204
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          2,292
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (4,882)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (17,260)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (6,279)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (5,075)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (5,753)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                      (17,135)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (8,882)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (6,050)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (6,152)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (17,225)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (9,271)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                (637)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                             4,818
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 (15,854)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (3,961)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (4,882)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (17,260)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (6,279)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (5,075)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (4,882)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (4,882)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            186,960
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 27,957
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            199,481
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  182,735
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (871)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 125
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               (2,603)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (4,882)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (6,279)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (362)
Extraordinary Items, Avg.

Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (6,369)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 -2.35
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -4.39
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -54.35
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               8.09
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -5.20
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 -2.99
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             -6.34
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                           -65.62
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              10.23
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              -6.43
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     -2.86
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -6.01
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -64.75
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -6.24
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               4,227
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               5,364
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             2,992
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             4,153
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              204
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               227
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share.

most recent quarter                              60
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                                35
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                            65
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             1,871
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               (3,448)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (860)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                           205
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              817
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                             (53)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            3,366
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           3,612
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (215)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (267)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (934)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             503
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (338)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (267)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (934)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   498
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (357)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (267)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (934)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   498
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (357)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (278)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                              20
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                               594
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                            364
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (445)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (112)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           142
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                  6
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            10,232
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          6,068
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,513
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              9,915
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           27.90
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 28.14
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                         624.45
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           11.14
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                  535.48
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    80.53
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    4.20
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        3.31
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            2.61
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                        519.46
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                          17.20
month
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                          921.06
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                        3,016.67
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.76
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       2.93
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.28
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.80
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  5.99
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               4.33
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   2.52
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               3.51
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              3.56
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              4.53
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              3.10
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     -.34
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          -2.17
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 98.30
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 97.80
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             97.52
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        99.27
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          98.75
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        -1.91
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -2.61
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -2.51
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -61.74
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.58
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   -3.44
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -3.13
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             -2.98
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          -.12
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -61.61
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      -5.00
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -3.08
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -2.96
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                             -.13
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -61.29
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         -4.86
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           101.04
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          159.95
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            103.25
Float                                                                     17.86
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        328,817
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             18.21
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            18.43
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          18.27
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         18.48
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          18.36
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              18.30
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            18.06
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              18.54
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         18.16
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            18.38
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           18.27
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           18.48
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            96.35



Share Related Items
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          76,142
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         89,393
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           108,899
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          121,632
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            120,793
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          77,601
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         98,131
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         97,097
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           54,925
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           75,975
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          66,080
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          61,781
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                           18,579
year ('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           27,924
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         22,071
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             31,298
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           23,501
USD)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          9,213
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             18,614
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             77,601
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           98,131
USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           4,579
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          1,371
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            5,310
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                           357
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (2,074)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               109
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -119.57
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                        -146.50
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg.

Diluted                           223
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        16
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     49
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.68
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .88
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.51
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                       (5,385,549)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                          (73,336,520)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       (6,651,483)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            68.50
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 8.24
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                 208.36
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           206,243.80
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               118,787.30
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 193,575.20
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    2.73
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        4.05
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            4.74
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.63
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              3.68
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         -1.51
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  -.24
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 -1.51
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                        1.40
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   -3.90
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                 -11.60
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                       9.13
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                            -43.64
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         -3,482.39
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -151.87
EPS Change % - year over year                                             -1.02
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                              -171.60
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          97.52
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            1.43
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                      -3,526.05
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -151.64
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -168.80
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -2.50
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -25.00
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -64.58
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -8.39
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          -1.36
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              11.79
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                4.28
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                7.93
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          -.07
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -23.96
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         3,176
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                               204
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          2,292
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (4,882)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (17,260)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (6,279)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (5,075)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (5,753)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                      (17,135)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (8,882)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (6,050)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (6,152)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (17,225)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (9,271)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                (637)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                             4,818
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 (15,854)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (3,961)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (4,882)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (17,260)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (6,279)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (5,075)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (4,882)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (4,882)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            186,960
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 27,957
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            199,481
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  182,735
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (871)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 125
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               (2,603)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (4,882)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (6,279)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (362)
Extraordinary Items, Avg.

Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (6,369)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 -2.35
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -4.39
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -54.35
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               8.09
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -5.20
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 -2.99
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             -6.34
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                           -65.62
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              10.23
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              -6.43
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     -2.86
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -6.01
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -64.75
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -6.24
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               4,227
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               5,364
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             2,992
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             4,153
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              204
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               227
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share.

most recent quarter                              60
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                                35
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                            65
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             1,871
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               (3,448)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (860)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                           205
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              817
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                             (53)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            3,366
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           3,612
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (215)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (267)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (934)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             503
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (338)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (267)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (934)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   498
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (357)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (267)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (934)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   498
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (357)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (278)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                              20
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                               594
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                            364
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (445)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (112)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           142
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                  6
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            10,232
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          6,068
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,513
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              9,915
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           27.90
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 28.14
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                         624.45
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           11.14
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                  535.48
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    80.53
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    4.20
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        3.31
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            2.61
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                        519.46
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                          17.20
month
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                          921.06
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                        3,016.67
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.76
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       2.93
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.28
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.80
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  5.99
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               4.33
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   2.52
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               3.51
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              3.56
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              4.53
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              3.10
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     -.34
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          -2.17
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 98.30
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 97.80
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             97.52
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        99.27
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          98.75
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        -1.91
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -2.61
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -2.51
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -61.74
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.58
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   -3.44
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -3.13
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             -2.98
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          -.12
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -61.61
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      -5.00
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -3.08
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -2.96
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                             -.13
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -61.29
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         -4.86
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           101.04
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          159.95
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            103.25
Float                                                                     17.86
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        328,817
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             18.21
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            18.43
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          18.27
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         18.48
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          18.36
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              18.30
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            18.06
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              18.54
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         18.16
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            18.38
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           18.27
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           18.48
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            96.35

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
SECURITY TYPE: Ordinary Shares
EXCHANGE: NASDAQ
STOCK INDEX: S&P 600 Small Cap
TOTAL SHARES OUTSTANDING: 18,535,327
NUMBER OF SHAREHOLDERS: 31
LISTING TYPE:  Ordinary Shares

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Ernst & Young LLP


COUNTRY AND REGIONAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION


('000 USD)
                                                  12/31/201 12/31/201 12/31/201
                                                  6         5         4
Medicare                       External Revenue   80,269    63,163    44,479
Medicare                       Total Revenue      80,269    63,163    44,479
Medicare                       Earn.

&  (33,141)  (23,284)  (29,625)
                               Tax
Medicare                       EBIT Margin (%)    (41,287)  (36,863)  (66,604)

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2017


                              10 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                      November 1, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Survey of Consumer Health Insurance Literacy Reveals Less Than Half of Americans
Understand How Their Plan Works

LENGTH: 882  words


Nov. 1 -- PolicyGenius, a multi-product digital insurance platform, recently
surveyed more than 2,000 nationwide health insurance consumers in partnership
with Radius Research.

The survey uncovered the health insurance literacy levels
of consumers who are shopping for health insurance during the 2017 open
enrollment season, including their overall confidence level and understanding of
insurance terminology and plans.

The survey found a 25% gap between consumers'
perceived and actual knowledge of these key health insurance terms:
"deductible", "co-pay", "coinsurance" and "out-of-pocket maximum."

To address this health insurance literacy problem, and help consumers apply that
knowledge in their coverage decisions, PolicyGenius is launching its new health
insurance app.

The app educates consumers through their shopping journey and
helps them weigh benefit options and priorities - by offering a transparent look
at the trade-offs inherent in every health insurance policy.

The PolicyGenius health insurance literacy survey asked respondents to rate
their personal level of "confidence" (how well they thought they understood the
important health insurance terms), as well as their "comprehension" (their
actual understanding of these terms).

The findings showed that women were more
aware of their actual understanding than men, with a 22% gap between women's
self-rated confidence in their knowledge of insurance terms and their actual
comprehension, compared with a 29% gap for men.

Millennials (age 25-34
consumers) had the lowest overall comprehension of health insurance terms and
were least aware of their lack of understanding, showing a 29% gap between their
confidence and comprehension.

The least understood health insurance term was
"coinsurance" with only 22% of consumers able to correctly define it, compared
to 42% who correctly defined "out-of-pocket maximum," 50% who understood the
meaning of "deductible" and 52% for "co-pay."

The PolicyGenius health insurance literacy survey also showed that 72% of those
with non-employer-provided health insurance policies plan to shop on the open
marketplace for coverage this year.

Based on the Kaiser Family Foundation's
estimates of individually insured Americans, this would equate to more than 14
million health insurance shoppers on the ACA marketplaces for 2017.

"Due to a decrease of insurers available on the ACA marketplaces this year and
an average 10% increase in premiums, consumers will be hard-pressed to find the
best policy for their money," said Jennifer Fitzgerald, CEO and Co-Founder of
PolicyGenius.

"For consumers, finding a good health insurance plan starts with
understanding the various trade-offs involved with different types of plans and
benefits.

Americans will need to weigh competing priorities, understand the
apples-to-apples difference between plans, and understand how decisions may
impact their total out-of-pocket costs.

The health insurance app we're launching
today helps them do all of this.

It simplifies the shopping process by cutting
through the insurance jargon and helping consumers prioritize must-haves and
nice-to-haves to find the best plan for their needs."

PolicyGenius, which launched in 2014 to provide consumers with direct access to
life, long-term disability, renters and pet insurance with a highly accurate
quoting engine that offers side-by-side comparisons of tailored policies and
unbiased decision support, is excited to add health insurance to its platform
today.

The PolicyGenius health insurance app will offer consumers access to both
on-exchange and off-exchange health insurance plans, supported with plain
English explanations of benefits, transparent shopping options and smart
decisioning tools.

The PolicyGenius health insurance literacy survey also indicated:

* Most insured Americans are satisfied with their current plan, at 70% of total
respondents.

- People who used their health insurance 2-3 times in the past year are 12% more
likely to be satisfied with their plan than those who used it just once.

- Millennials are most likely to be satisfied with their health insurance plan,
at 77%.

- There is no variation in plan satisfaction between those who have individual
insurance versus employer-provided insurance.

* More than half of respondents aren't very confident in their ability to choose
the best health insurance plan for their needs.

- Only one-third of women overall are "very confident" in their ability to
choose the best health insurance plan for their needs.

- The two groups that showed the highest confidence in their ability to choose
the best plan were men at 58% and millennials at 43%.

- The survey found higher confidence levels in men over women (12% difference)
and younger vs older respondents (millennials were most confident at 43%, 10%
more than ages 45-55) in their ability to choose the best plan.

The study of 2,022 respondents was conducted online from September 30 to October
6, 2016 and focused on ten U.S. markets to evaluate consumer knowledge about
health insurance.

Participants were the sole or collaborative decision maker of
their health insurance decisions and have used their policy within the last
year.

All results were weighted to reflect actual population counts within each
market by gender and age.

Source: PolicyGenius

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Employee Benefit News

                                    May 2011

Student health coverage does not escape legislation's reach

BYLINE: Kate Bongiovanni

SECTION: LAW & REGS; Pg.

6

LENGTH: 992  words


In February, the Health and Human Services Department issued proposed
regulations addressing the impact of health care reform on student health
insurance coverage.

The proposed regulations classify student health insurance
coverage as a type of "individual health insurance coverage."

As such, student health insurance plans will be subject to several of the most
significant provisions under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and
the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010.

According to the preamble of the proposed regulations, the Government
Accountability Office has estimated that most students enrolled in U.S. colleges
and universities have health coverage through employer-sponsored group health
plans.

According to the GAO, in 2006, approximately 7% of students between the
ages of 18 and 23 - approximately 610,000 individuals - were covered through
other private health insurance, such as student health insurance.

The health
care industry, however, has estimated the number of individuals with student
health insurance coverage to be significantly higher, at 1.1 million to 1.5
million individuals.

According to industry sources, 1,500 to 2,000 institutions
of higher education offer student health coverage, and the vast majority of such
coverage is fully insured.

The proposed regulations define "student health insurance coverage" as a type of
individual health insurance coverage provided pursuant to a written agreement
between an institution of higher education and a health insurance issuer (e.g.,
a master insurance policy between the college or university and an insurer),
which is provided to students who are enrolled in that institution and their
dependents.

The proposed regulations do not apply to self-funded student health
plans.

The proposed regulations require that student health insurance coverage be
available only to students enrolled at the institution of higher education and
their dependents.

Such coverage is required to satisfy any additional
requirements that may be imposed under state law.

In addition, eligibility for
student health insurance coverage cannot be conditioned on any health
status-related factor (e.g., medical condition - including both physical and
mental illnesses - claims experience, receipt of health care, medical history,
genetic information, evidence of insurability or disability).

Because student health insurance coverage is considered a type of individual
health insurance coverage under the proposed regulations, most of the
significant provisions of health care reform will be applicable to such
coverage.

For instance, student health insurance plans, like employer-sponsored
group health plans, are not permitted to rescind a participant's coverage except
in the case of fraud or intentional misrepresentation of a material fact.

In addition, student health insurance plans are required to cover preventative
services without participant cost-sharing requirements, and are required to
extend health coverage to dependents up to age 26.

Student health insurance
plans are also prohibited from imposing pre-existing condition exclusions on
enrollees who are under age 19, and are subject to the new claims and appeals
procedures under health care reform.

Student health insurance plans are subject to a special transition period under
the proposed regulations with regard to health care reform's annual limit rules.

Specifically, under the proposed regulations, for policy years beginning on or
after Jan. 1, 2012, but before Sept. 23, 2012, a student health insurance plan
may not impose an annual dollar limit on "essential health benefits" (e.g.,
emergency services, maternity and newborn care, and pediatric services) that is
lower than $100,000.

(This is significantly lower than the $1.25 million
threshold applicable to employer-sponsored group health plans.)

For policy years
beginning on or after Sept. 23, 2012, but before Jan. 1, 2014, a student health
insurance plan may not impose an annual dollar limit on essential health
benefits that is lower than $2 million.

According to the proposed regulations, student health insurance coverage is
exempt from the guaranteed availability and guaranteed renewability requirements
under health care reform.

That is, student health insurance plans are not
required to offer coverage to certain eligible individuals, nor are such plans
required to permit individuals to renew or continue their coverage from year to
year.

The proposed regulations require health insurance issuers providing student
health insurance coverage to include a statement in written plan materials
notifying students that the policy may not meet all of the requirements under
health care reform.

HHS provides model language for this notice in the proposed
regulations.

As a reminder, effective for plan years beginning on or after Sept. 23, 2010,
group health plans and insurers are required to extend dependent health coverage
to adult children up to age 26.

Therefore, many college and university students
will likely remain covered under their parents' health plans, rather than
purchase their own student health insurance coverage.

The proposed regulations are intended to ensure that students who buy insurance
through their college or university will be given many of the same rights and
protections as other Americans under health care reform.

The proposed regulations are effective for policy years beginning on or after
Jan. 1, 2012.

Therefore, if a student health insurance policy renews on August 1
of each year, the proposed regulations would become applicable to such policy on
Aug. 1, 2012.

Contributing Editor Kate Bongiovanni is an associate in the tax section of
Smith, Gambrell & Russell, LLP.

She practices in employee benefits law, with a
specific concentration in health and welfare matters, including compliance with
health care reform legislation, ERISA, HIPAA, FMLA and COBRA.

She can be reached
at kbongiovanni@sgrlaw.com

URL: http://www.ebn.benefitnews.com/

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: EBN


                        Copyright 2011 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                           January 10, 2008 Thursday

Exemption From National Health Insurance Plan

LENGTH: 251 words


Dear Paying Twice:

A revision to the enforcement decree of the National Health Insurance Law came
into effect a few months ago.

The revision allows for foreigners and Korean
nationals that reside abroad to avoid paying into the National Health Insurance
Plan if they have alternative insurance coverage.

The insurance premiums, over the last few months, have drastically increased.

Employees and employers can feel a not insignificant savings by simply filing a
few documents with the National Health Insurance Corporation.

All good law firms in Seoul have notified their clients of this change, since in
many cases it can relieve a sizeable burden on companies and employees.

Prior to the amendment many foreigners working for companies in Korea contracted
for private insurance plans that covered more than the government insurance
plans, thus, many would forgo use of the government insurance plan, but still
would be required to pay into the National Health Insurance plan.

To alleviate this burden and also the burden on Korean nationals that reside
abroad the revision was made.

To avail of this exemption from payments your employer may simply file with the
National Health Insurance Corporation a statement signed by the employee that he
or she wishes to withdraw from the health insurance plan and include with the
documents information related to your health insurance plan.

For contact information for the local office of the National Health Insurance
Corporation please visit: http://www.nhic.or.kr/eng/

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 5, 2016 Tuesday

Affordable Care Act Q & A

LENGTH: 2575  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: American Association of Retired Persons has issued the following
news release:



 The AARP Daily News Alert will feature answers to a health care law "question
of the day" throughout the month of December.

Be sure to tune in throughout the
month for more answers to frequently asked questions about the health care law.

If I buy or re-enroll in a health plan during the Health Insurance Marketplace
open enrollment period, when will my coverage start?

The Health Insurance Marketplace open enrollment period for 2016 health
coverage is November 1, 2015 through January 31, 2016.

If you are enrolled in a
marketplace health insurance plan, your coverage ends December 31, 2015.

To
continue health coverage in 2016, you can renew or choose a new plan during the
marketplace open enrollment period.

If you want your health insurance coverage to start January 1, 2016, you'll
need to sign up or renew your health plan by December 15, 2015.

After this date,
the day your coverage starts depends on when you enrolled or re-enrolled in
coverage, as follows:



 If you sign-up or re-enroll between...

Your coverage will begin...



 November 1, 2015 - December 15, 2015         January 1, 2016

 December 16, 2015 - January 15, 2016         February 1, 2016

 January 16, 2016 - January 31, 2016         March 1, 2016



 After I sign up for a health plan in the Health Insurance Marketplace, can I
change my mind and sign up for a different plan instead?

If you decide you want to change health insurance plans after you've enrolled
in one plan through the Health Insurance Marketplace, you can do so as long as
it is still in the open enrollment period and the coverage hasn't started (known
as the "effective date").

Once your health coverage begins, you'll have to wait
for the next marketplace open enrollment period to change plans.

In certain cases, you may be able to enroll in a plan at a time that is not the
official marketplace open enrollment period.

This could apply, for example, when
you've experienced a change in your life, such as the birth or adoption of a
child, a relocation out of the area or state, or a loss of another type of
health coverage.

What is the Health Insurance Marketplace?

Through the Health Insurance Marketplace, you can shop online and get help by
phone or in person to find the health plan that works for you and your family.

The marketplace allows you to compare plans and costs on an "apples-to-apples"
basis.

You also can find out what kind of financial help you may be able to get
to pay for premiums and copayments.

For example, for coverage in 2016, an
individual with a household income between about $11,800 and $47,100 or a family
of four with a household income between about $24,300 and $97,000 would qualify
for financial help.

These are ballpark figures and will change every year.

While
people with very limited incomes will receive the greatest help, moderate-income
families can often get help too.

To learn more about the Health Insurance
Marketplace, read The Health Care Law: More Choices, More Protections.

To find
the Health Insurance Marketplace in your state, visit www.HealthCare.gov or call
1-800-318-2596.

Do I need to report any changes in my household status, such as an increase in
income, to the Health Insurance Marketplace?

Certain life changes, such as getting a raise, moving, or a death in the
family, may change the type of coverage you qualify for or how much financial
help you can receive.

You'll need to report life changes to the Health Insurance
Marketplace where you enrolled for coverage.

For example, if your income has
increased, reporting that change will reduce the chance that you'll have to pay
back money at tax time.

Examples of life changes that could change the coverage and financial help you
may qualify for include:



     Moving to a new area

     Losing health coverage, such as job-based coverage

     Change in citizenship or immigration stats

     Change in income, such as getting a raise or losing a job

     Change in household status, such as getting married

     Change in family size, such as a birth or death



 For more details about when and how to report any life changes go to
www.healthcare.gov or call the Health Insurance Marketplace at 800-318-2596.

How long can my child remain on my family health insurance plan?

You can keep your children on your family health plan until they turn age 26,
even if they don't live at home, are married or attend school.

If your health
plan charges more for each child you cover, you may have to pay an additional
amount to add your older child to your plan.

It is important to know that not
all employers have to offer a family plan.

Check with your employer for the
details about adding your adult child to your family plan.

How can I make sure the health coverage I bought through the Health Insurance
Marketplace continues into the new year and that I'm getting any financial help
I qualify for in 2016?

The Health Insurance Marketplace open enrollment (November 1, 2015 through
January 31, 2016) is the time when you can apply for a new health plan, keep
your current plan, or pick a new one.

The deadline to enroll is December 15,
2015, if you want coverage to begin on January 1, 2016.

Keep in mind that states
may have different deadlines for picking a plan and reporting changes (such as
income or household size) to make sure you don't have a gap in coverage and are
getting the right financial help.

It is very important to visit the marketplace
in your state to learn about specific deadlines.

What do I do if the marketplace health insurance plan I had last year is no
longer available?

If the plan you purchased through the Health Insurance Marketplace is no longer
available, your health insurer must tell you about plans available to you,
including one that will be similar to the one you have now.

You can compare
plans and shop for coverage through the Health Insurance Marketplace during the
open enrollment period (November 1, 2015 through January 31, 2016).

You also
might find that your plan is still available outside the marketplace; however,
you will not be eligible for financial help if you enroll in that plan.

Financial help is only available for plans offered through the Health Insurance
Marketplace.

For more details, visit the marketplace where you enrolled for
coverage last year.

Last year I bought health coverage through the Health Insurance Marketplace.

Do
I need to re-enroll in the plan for next year?

People who signed up for coverage through the Health Insurance Marketplace
should receive a notice from their health plan and another from the marketplace
about renewing health coverage.

The notices include information about coverage,
including any changes to your plan, financial assistance for the following year,
and the marketplace open enrollment period--November 1, 2015 through January 31,
2016.

Some people will be automatically re-enrolled in the same or a similar health
insurance plan for 2016.

Others must contact the Health Insurance Marketplace
directly to be re-enrolled.

In either case, it is important that you check with
your marketplace and review your health plan for 2016 to make sure it works for
you and your family.

You must report any changes in income or household size to the marketplace
where you enrolled to be sure you are getting the right financial help for your
family.

Keep in mind most people will need to make changes to their plan and
update their household information by December 15, 2015 to make sure coverage
starts January 1, 2016.

But your state may have a different deadline so be sure
to check with the marketplace where you enrolled.

If you re-enroll in your
health insurance plan after December 15, 2015, your new coverage will not start
January 1, 2016.

The day your coverage starts will depend on when you enroll or
re-enroll in coverage.

I'm self-employed and want to buy health insurance.

Where should I go to buy my
plan?

If you are self-employed with no employees you can shop for private individual
health insurance for yourself and your family on your own, through a broker or
through the Health Insurance Marketplace.

But financial help is only available
with plans bought through the Health Insurance Marketplace.

If you are a small business, you can go to the Small Business Health Options
Program (SHOP) to buy coverage.

Small businesses are defined as 2 - 50 or 2 -
100 employees depending on your state.

To find out more, visit the Health
Insurance Marketplace.

Does my health insurance plan have to cover certain benefits?

As of 2014, all new health insurance plans sold to individuals and small
employers must cover certain important health care services, known as essential
health benefits (EHB).

Each state has its own EHB, but all must cover the
following:



     Doctor's office visits

     Emergency room care

     Hospital visits (such as for surgery)

     Maternity and newborn care

     Mental health and substance abuse treatment

     Prescription drugs

     Rehabilitative and habilitative services and devices

     Laboratory services

     Preventive and wellness services and chronic disease management

     Pediatric services, including oral and vision care.

Can I be charged more for my health
insurance?

The ACA makes sure health plans can't deny you coverage because of health
problems you had before your insurance started (known as pre-existing
conditions).

They also can't charge you more for your premiums if you get very
sick.

Can my health plan limit how much they will pay toward my covered services?

No, health plans cannot put a dollar limit on how much they will pay for
covered services you receive in a year (annual dollar limit) or over the total
time you are enrolled in the plan (lifetime dollar limit).

Previously, plans
could limit the amount they would pay for covered services, for example,
$100,000 in a year or $500,000 over the life of the policy.

It's important to
know that health plans can still include other limits not tied to the cost of
benefits.

For example, your health plan may set a limit on the number of
physical therapy visits it will cover.

What can I do if my health insurance plan denies my claim for health benefits
that I thought would be covered by the plan?

The ACA strengthens your right to file an appeal if your health plan will not
pay for a medical service you received or won't give you prior approval for a
medical service you need.

Before the health care law, your right to appeal your
health plan's decision, known as an internal appeal, varied greatly, depending
on the state in which you lived.

Also, most people in employer health plans
didn't have the right to request an outside review of their internal appeal.

The
law now offers you the opportunity to request a review of an internal appeal by
an independent outside organization, known as a third party.

If your plan denies your claim for health benefits, they must
provide you with information on the steps you can take to appeal that decision
and how to get help doing it.

Is there a limit on how much I have to pay out-of-pocket for my health care?

The ACA sets a limit on how much of a share of the costs you will have to pay
for health care in the form of deductibles, copayments and coinsurance.

The most
you can pay out-of-pocket in 2016 is $6,850 for an individual plan and $13,700
for a family plan (the amount will rise slowly, year to year, with inflation).

This does not include your monthly premiums.

And, this limit only applies to
costs you pay for care you receive from an in-network provider and for essential
health benefits, which will probably be most health services covered in your
plan, but not necessarily all of them.

How can I compare health plans offered in the Health Insurance Marketplace?

Plans sold in the Health Insurance Marketplace are offered in four different
tiers, sometimes called "metal levels," so it's easier to make
"apples-to-apples" comparisons among plans.

The tiers--bronze, silver, gold and
platinum--are based on how generous the health plan is for the benefits and
services covered.

Bronze plans will have the lowest premiums, but the
individual's share of costs such as deductibles and copayments will be higher.

Platinum plans will have the highest premiums, but fewer additional costs for
consumers.

The actuarial value is based on what an average group of consumers
might pay under the plan, but your own costs may vary depending on how much care
you need.

All health plans sold to individuals and small businesses will fit into one of
these levels of coverage.

This will make it easier to compare plans to find one
that works for you and your family.

Is my employer required to provide me with health benefits?

As of 2016, employers with 50 or more employees must provide affordable health
coverage for their workers, or pay a penalty.

To be considered affordable, an
employee's share of the monthly payment (premium) can't be more than about 9-10
percent of their household income.

Employers must also offer coverage for employees' children.

However, there is
no requirement that the employer pay a portion of the monthly payment (premium)
for children to enroll and there is no requirement that they offer coverage to
employees' spouses.

Can I buy a health plan outside the Health Insurance Marketplace open
enrollment period?

Generally, there is only one Health Insurance Marketplace open enrollment
period.

But states have some flexibility to set enrollment periods.

Also, health
insurance companies can choose to sell their plans at times other than the
marketplace open enrollment period.

But in most cases, you will only be able to
buy health insurance coverage during the annual marketplace open enrollment
period.

In certain cases, you may qualify for a "special enrollment period,"
which will allow you to enroll in a plan at a time that is not the official
marketplace open enrollment period.

This could apply, for example, when you've
experienced a change in your life, such as a birth or adoption of a child, a
relocation out of the area or state, or a loss of another type of health
coverage.

To find out if you qualify for a special enrollment period, or to
report changed circumstances, contact the Health Insurance Marketplace Call
Center at 1-800-318-2596 (TTY: 1-855-889-4325).

After I sign up for a health plan in the Health Insurance Marketplace, can I
change my mind and sign up for a different plan instead?

Once I buy one plan can
I change my mind and switch?

If you decide you want to change health insurance plans after you've enrolled
in one plan through the Health Insurance Marketplace, you can do so as long as
it is still in the open enrollment period and the coverage hasn't started (known
as the "effective date").

Once your health coverage begins, you'll have to wait
for the next marketplace open enrollment period to change plans.

In certain cases, you may be able to enroll in a plan at a time that is not the
official marketplace open enrollment period.

This could apply, for example, when
you've experienced a change in your life, such as the birth or adoption of a
child, a relocation out of the area or state, or a loss of another type of
health coverage.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.comAa

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                     November 19, 2015 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Priced Out of ACA Plans, Millennials Seek More Affordable Health Insurance
Options

LENGTH: 597  words


Nov. 19 -- As premiums for Obamacare plans continue to rise, millennials are
seeking more affordable options in the term health insurance market.

A study
released today by AgileHealthInsurance.com quantifies the double-digit savings
driving this trend.

Average premiums for Obamacare exchange plans increased by double digits from
2015 to 2016.

Bronze plans, which are generally the least expensive type of
Obamacare plan, had premium hikes of 11 percent in 2016.

Given that term health
insurance premiums were substantially less expensive than unsubsidized premiums
for Obamacare bronze plans in the 2015 plan year, AgileHealthInsurance examined
premiums for term health insurance and Obamacare plans to determine how prices
compare for 2016.

The analysis compared only term plans with lower deductibles
and out-of-pocket caps than the average bronze plan.

On average 30-year-olds would pay 28 percent less for their term health
insurance than for an Obamacare bronze plan, even when the cost of paying a
penalty is included.

Term health insurance plans are not qualified health plans
under the Affordable Care Act so enrollees in term insurance plans have to pay
the Obamacare uninsured penalty unless they qualify for an exemption.

However
for younger enrollees, term insurance combined with the cost of the uninsured
penalty is still considerably less expensive than Obamacare.

For a household
income of $20,450, a 30-year-old male paying the uninsured penalty would save
$76 a month with term insurance and a 30-year-old female would save $47 a month.

"Young people are savvy when it comes to buying health insurance, especially
when shopping online," said Sam Gibbs, executive director of
AgileHealthInsurance.com.

"As some millennials struggle to afford Obamacare
premiums, they are doing their homework and finding term health insurance often
makes financial sense, even if they aren't exempt from the uninsured penalty."

Premiums were collected for male and female non-smokers ages 30, 40, and 50 in
the most populous city in each of the 38 states that will use HealthCare.gov in
2016.

Average premiums for Obamacare bronze plans were compared to average
premiums for term insurance plans available on AgileHealthInsurance.com.

Term health insurance plans are a compelling alternative for dissatisfied
Obamacare consumers who struggle with the cost of those plans.

Term insurance
plans have broader provider network coverage than most Obamacare plans so
enrollees can go to most doctors and still be covered.

Out-of-network coverage
is available in 100 percent of term insurance plans sold on
AgileHealthInsurance.com.

Term health insurance represents a distinct category of health insurance and
does not provide identical coverage as Obamacare plans, and benefit and
eligibility differences contribute to the cost savings observed.

Consumers apply
and, depending on their health status (including pre-existing conditions), they
may or may not be eligible for specific plans.

Consumer applications are
approved or rejected based on health status (including the nature of
pre-existing conditions).

Additionally, with term health insurance, consumers
may still be subject to the Obamacare Tax unless they qualify for one of several
exemptions from the tax.

The cost of term health insurance is so affordable that
even for some consumers facing the tax penalty, the combination of penalty and
premium is still less expensive than an unsubsidized Obamacare premium.

Read the
article on AgileHealthInsurance's Learning Center at
www.AgileHealthInsurance.com.

Source: AgileHealthInsurance

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                              Optimum Benefits Inc

                               3146 E Garnet Ave
                                Mesa,  AZ 85204
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (480) 248-2179
URL: www.optimumbenefits.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 2

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Optimum Benefits is a leading online marketplace and full service agency
offering the most comprehensive health insurance, short-term health insurance,
and discount dental plans available.

We bring together the best providers and
health insurance plans in one place so you can easily obtain instant health
insurance and temporary health insurance quotes and compare coverage without the
hassle of searching all over the web.

Get an instant quote for individual and
family health insurance, short-term health insurance, and discount dental plans
in just minutes.

You will find the widest selection of health insurance plans
(Individual Health Insurance, Family Health Insurance, Group Health Insurance,
HMOs, PPOs, Short-term Health Insurance, Dental Plans, etc.)

By providing choices in both health insurance companies and types of
health insurance plans, combined with instant health insurance quotes, you can
find the health insurance plan that is right for your needs and your budget.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 750,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              16 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                  tBi Services

                               113 West 81St Ave
                            Schererville,  IN 46375
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (800) 719-8247
URL: www.tbiservices.net

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 74

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   tBi Services allows consumers to buy health insurance online.

We are a
destination where individuals, students, families, and small businesses can find
and buy the health insurance plan that is right for them.

We are your complete
online health insurance services.

You can learn about health insurance, get
online instant health insurance quotes, compare health plan prices and benefits
side-by-side, choose from a large selection of affordable health insurance
plans, including Health Savings Accounts, from leading health insurance
companies nationwide, and apply and buy health insurance online.

Upon visiting
tBi Services.net, you will find the widest selection of health insurance plans
(Individual Health Inurance, Family Health Insurance, Small Business Group
Health Insurance, HMOs, PPOs, POS, Indemnity plans, Short-term Health Insurance,
Specific Health Policies, and Medicare Suppliments) available in one place.

The
health insurance plans we feature are offered by health insurance industry
leaders including, Blue Cross Blue Shield Illinois, Anthem, Aetna, Celtic,
UNICARE, AMS, CGI, Assurant, Humana, and Golden Rule.

By providing choices in
both health insurance companies and types of health insurance plans, combined
with instatnt health insurance quotes, we enable you to find the health
insurance that suits you personal health insurance and budget goals.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 17,500,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              17 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           November 6, 2013 Wednesday

Thousands in New Mexico allowed to keep, extend health policies

LENGTH: 828  words


Thousands of New Mexico residents with existing health insurance plans that
don't meet the new federal health insurance law won't have to get new policies,
at least not immediately.

Some can get an extension until Dec. 31, 2014, and some can stay on their
current health insurance plans indefinitely if the company doesn't make any
changes to the policies.

Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Mexico, for example, has 17,000 members who had
health insurance policies in place before the federal Patient Protection and
Affordable Care Act became law on March 23, 2010.

Those existing plans were "grandfathered" in and
don't have to meet the new federal law requirements.

Those plan-holders will see their rates increase 10.2 percent next year.

Those
members with grandfathered plans also can choose to get a new health insurance
plan directly through an insurance company or through the federal health
insurance exchange website.

Another 11,000 Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Mexico health insurance
policyholders, most of them self-insured through the individual market, don't
have plans that are "grandfathered" in.

They will have to purchase new policies
through Blue Cross Blue Shield or the health exchange because their existing
plans have to be terminated or changed to meet the new federal health care law,
according to Kinney.

Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Mexico worked out a deal with the state Office of
Superintendent of Insurance to give those policyholders extra time to buy new
health insurance.

Individuals with "non-grandfathered" plans can renew their
existing policies by Dec. 1.

Their policies will be good then until Nov. 30,
2014, Kinney said.

After that, they will have to select a health insurance plan
that complies with the Affordable Care Act.

Janice Torrez, vice president of external affairs for Blue Cross Blue Shield of
New Mexico, said the company "wanted to give clients the greatest amount of time
to decide whether they wanted to stay with their plans or get into the federal
health insurance exchange."

People who keep their non-grandfathered health insurance plans for another year
will see a 9.2 percent increase beginning Jan. 1, 2014.

Lovelace Health System also asked for extensions through next year for
policyholders on some of its existing individual plans, according to state
Insurance Superintendent John Franchini.

"It gave people on individual plans
more time to select a new one," Franchini said.

Many New Mexicans with individual policies through Presbyterian Healthcare
Services have received notices that their policies will be canceled because the
plans don't comply with the new federal health law.

Presbyterian didn't ask for
an extension from the state because they didn't think they would need to,
Franchini said.

The company thought the federal health insurance exchange would
be working by now.

Aaron Ezekiel, who is managing the health insurance exchange for the Office of
Superintendent of Insurance, said insurance companies could grandfather in plans
that didn't comply with the Affordable Care Act, as long as they made no changes
to those policies.

"We've allowed companies to extend their expiration date,"
Ezekiel said.

"If they had plans that were going to expire in April, they could
extend the plan until Dec. 31, 2014.

But they had to apply for the extension."

He said the grandfathered policies are typically "closed block," meaning no new
members are accepted to the plan.

"Older plans have all kinds of limitations, particularly in the individual
market," he said.

Ezekiel said it doesn't make sense for insurance companies to try to make older,
closed-block plans comply with the new federal health care law.

"Closed-block
plans with mostly older and sicker members adds a whole lot more liability," he
said.

"If a whole group is age 60-65 and they are getting sick, you are not
doing them a favor to keep on an old plan.

Under the federal exchange, they may
qualify for a subsidy.

But switching plans never makes people happy."

After age 65, people qualify for Medicare and don't have to get individual
health insurance.

New Mexico Health Connections, Molina Healthcare, Presbyterian, Lovelace and
Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Mexico are all offering health insurance plans
through the federal health care exchange.

Each company website offers more
information.

People with questions or concerns about the state or federal health insurance
exchange can call Ashley Hernandez, ombudsman with the state Office of the
Superintendent of Insurance, at 855-857-0972 or 827-4465.

We will try to pick up the ball and run with it for folks running
into these issues."

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2013 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            November 5, 2013 Tuesday

Thousands in N.M. allowed to keep, extend health policies

LENGTH: 828  words


Thousands of New Mexico residents with existing health insurance plans that
don't meet the new federal health insurance law won't have to get new policies,
at least not immediately.

Some can get an extension until Dec. 31, 2014, and some can stay on their
current health insurance plans indefinitely if the company doesn't make any
changes to the policies.

Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Mexico, for example, has 17,000 members who had
health insurance policies in place before the federal Patient Protection and
Affordable Care Act became law on March 23, 2010.

Those existing plans were "grandfathered" in and
don't have to meet the new federal law requirements.

Those plan-holders will see their rates increase 10.2 percent next year.

Those
members with grandfathered plans also can choose to get a new health insurance
plan directly through an insurance company or through the federal health
insurance exchange website.

Another 11,000 Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Mexico health insurance
policyholders, most of them self-insured through the individual market, don't
have plans that are "grandfathered" in.

They will have to purchase new policies
through Blue Cross Blue Shield or the health exchange because their existing
plans have to be terminated or changed to meet the new federal health care law,
according to Kinney.

Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Mexico worked out a deal with the state Office of
Superintendent of Insurance to give those policyholders extra time to buy new
health insurance.

Individuals with "non-grandfathered" plans can renew their
existing policies by Dec. 1.

Their policies will be good then until Nov. 30,
2014, Kinney said.

After that, they will have to select a health insurance plan
that complies with the Affordable Care Act.

Janice Torrez, vice president of external affairs for Blue Cross Blue Shield of
New Mexico, said the company "wanted to give clients the greatest amount of time
to decide whether they wanted to stay with their plans or get into the federal
health insurance exchange."

People who keep their non-grandfathered health insurance plans for another year
will see a 9.2 percent increase beginning Jan. 1, 2014.

Lovelace Health System also asked for extensions through next year for
policyholders on some of its existing individual plans, according to state
Insurance Superintendent John Franchini.

"It gave people on individual plans
more time to select a new one," Franchini said.

Many New Mexicans with individual policies through Presbyterian Healthcare
Services have received notices that their policies will be canceled because the
plans don't comply with the new federal health law.

Presbyterian didn't ask for
an extension from the state because they didn't think they would need to,
Franchini said.

The company thought the federal health insurance exchange would
be working by now.

Aaron Ezekiel, who is managing the health insurance exchange for the Office of
Superintendent of Insurance, said insurance companies could grandfather in plans
that didn't comply with the Affordable Care Act, as long as they made no changes
to those policies.

"We've allowed companies to extend their expiration date,"
Ezekiel said.

"If they had plans that were going to expire in April, they could
extend the plan until Dec. 31, 2014.

But they had to apply for the extension."

He said the grandfathered policies are typically "closed block," meaning no new
members are accepted to the plan.

"Older plans have all kinds of limitations, particularly in the individual
market," he said.

Ezekiel said it doesn't make sense for insurance companies to try to make older,
closed-block plans comply with the new federal health care law.

"Closed-block
plans with mostly older and sicker members adds a whole lot more liability," he
said.

"If a whole group is age 60-65 and they are getting sick, you are not
doing them a favor to keep on an old plan.

Under the federal exchange, they may
qualify for a subsidy.

But switching plans never makes people happy."

After age 65, people qualify for Medicare and don't have to get individual
health insurance.

New Mexico Health Connections, Molina Healthcare, Presbyterian, Lovelace and
Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Mexico are all offering health insurance plans
through the federal health care exchange.

Each company website offers more
information.

People with questions or concerns about the state or federal health insurance
exchange can call Ashley Hernandez, ombudsman with the state Office of the
Superintendent of Insurance, at 855-857-0972 or 827-4465.

We will try to pick up the ball and run with it for folks running
into these issues."

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2013 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 5, 2013 Tuesday

Thousands in N.M. allowed to keep, extend health policies

BYLINE: Staci Matlock, The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 871 words


Nov. 05--Thousands of New Mexico residents with existing health insurance plans
that don't meet the new federal health insurance law won't have to get new
policies, at least not immediately.

Some can get an extension until Dec. 31, 2014, and some can stay on their
current health insurance plans indefinitely if the company doesn't make any
changes to the policies.

Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Mexico, for example, has 17,000 members who had
health insurance policies in place before the federal Patient Protection and
Affordable Care Act became law on March 23, 2010.

Those existing plans were "grandfathered" in and
don't have to meet the new federal law requirements.

Those plan-holders will see their rates increase 10.2 percent next year.

Those
members with grandfathered plans also can choose to get a new health insurance
plan directly through an insurance company or through the federal health
insurance exchange website.

Another 11,000 Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Mexico health insurance
policyholders, most of them self-insured through the individual market, don't
have plans that are "grandfathered" in.

They will have to purchase new policies
through Blue Cross Blue Shield or the health exchange because their existing
plans have to be terminated or changed to meet the new federal health care law,
according to Kinney.

Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Mexico worked out a deal with the state Office of
Superintendent of Insurance to give those policyholders extra time to buy new
health insurance.

Individuals with "non-grandfathered" plans can renew their
existing policies by Dec. 1.

Their policies will be good then until Nov. 30,
2014, Kinney said.

After that, they will have to select a health insurance plan
that complies with the Affordable Care Act.

Janice Torrez, vice president of external affairs for Blue Cross Blue Shield of
New Mexico, said the company "wanted to give clients the greatest amount of time
to decide whether they wanted to stay with their plans or get into the federal
health insurance exchange."

People who keep their non-grandfathered health insurance plans for another year
will see a 9.2 percent increase beginning Jan. 1, 2014.

Lovelace Health System also asked for extensions through next year for
policyholders on some of its existing individual plans, according to state
Insurance Superintendent John Franchini.

"It gave people on individual plans
more time to select a new one," Franchini said.

Many New Mexicans with individual policies through Presbyterian Healthcare
Services have received notices that their policies will be canceled because the
plans don't comply with the new federal health law.

Presbyterian didn't ask for
an extension from the state because they didn't think they would need to,
Franchini said.

The company thought the federal health insurance exchange would
be working by now.

Aaron Ezekiel, who is managing the health insurance exchange for the Office of
Superintendent of Insurance, said insurance companies could grandfather in plans
that didn't comply with the Affordable Care Act, as long as they made no changes
to those policies.

"We've allowed companies to extend their expiration date,"
Ezekiel said.

"If they had plans that were going to expire in April, they could
extend the plan until Dec. 31, 2014.

But they had to apply for the extension."

He said the grandfathered policies are typically "closed block," meaning no new
members are accepted to the plan.

"Older plans have all kinds of limitations, particularly in the individual
market," he said.

Ezekiel said it doesn't make sense for insurance companies to try to make older,
closed-block plans comply with the new federal health care law.

"Closed-block
plans with mostly older and sicker members adds a whole lot more liability," he
said.

"If a whole group is age 60-65 and they are getting sick, you are not
doing them a favor to keep on an old plan.

Under the federal exchange, they may
qualify for a subsidy.

But switching plans never makes people happy."

After age 65, people qualify for Medicare and don't have to get individual
health insurance.

New Mexico Health Connections, Molina Healthcare, Presbyterian, Lovelace and
Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Mexico are all offering health insurance plans
through the federal health care exchange.

Each company website offers more
information.

People with questions or concerns about the state or federal health insurance
exchange can call Ashley Hernandez, ombudsman with the state Office of the
Superintendent of Insurance, at 855-857-0972 or 827-4465.

We will try to pick up the ball and run with it for folks running
into these issues."

Contact Staci Matlock at 986-3055 or smatlock@sfnewmexican.com Follow her on
Twitter @stacimatlock.

___ (c)2013 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20131105-SF-Thousands-in-N-M-allowed-to-keep-extend-health-policies-20131105

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2013 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                              20 of 999 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                            WMI - Business Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data.

The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

August 3, 2017

                    Daman National Health Insurance Company

                                P.O.

Box: 128888
                                   Abu Dhabi
                              United Arab Emirates

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

COMPANY OVERVIEW


   Daman National Health Insurance Company (Daman) is a provider of health
insurance solutions.

The company provides health insurance for the individuals
and families in the UAE.

The company provides a range of health insurance plans
for individuals and organizations and also manages the Government's health care
programs such as Thiqa and Abu Dhabi Basic Plan.

Its product portfolio includes
premier plan, enhanced platinum plan, enhanced gold plan, enhanced silver plan,
enhanced bronze plan, Abu Dhabi basic plan, aounak plan and visitor plan.

These
products provide coverage ranging from AED250,000 to AED20 million and provides
access to healthcare providers' network in the UAE and internationally in more
than 45 countries.

It also provides specialized services like international
emergency assistance, second medical opinion services, and support and advisory
services on issues including maternity, oncology and diabetes.

The company is a
public joint-stock company, with 80% stake held by the Abu Dhabi government and
the remaining by Munich Re.

Daman was incorporated in 2006 and is headquartered
at Abu Dhabi, the UAE.

BUSINESS DESCRIPTION:



Daman is a health insurance company.

Its key products and services include a
range of health insurance plans for individuals and organizations, and the
management of the Government's health care programs such as Thiqa and Abu Dhabi
Basic Plan.

The company provides health insurance solutions to more than 2.8
million members in the UAE.

It offers its products and services to individuals,
groups, and industries including oil and gas, energy, construction, aerospace,
and media, among others.

Daman's products have an access to more than 10,100
health service providers worldwide.

Daman classifies its operations into two categories: Abu Dhabi category and
Dubai and Northern Emirates category.

Under the Abu Dhabi category, Daman offers a range of health insurance products
in the Emirate of Abu Dhabi.

It offers products for individuals, groups and
expatriates.

Its product portfolio includes premier plan, enhanced platinum
plan, enhanced gold plan, enhanced silver plan, enhanced bronze plan, Abu Dhabi
basic plan, visitor plan, aounak plan, care silver plan, Thiqa top-up plans, and
enhanced sahtak upgrade plans for individuals.

The products provide coverage
ranging from AED250,000 to AED20 million.

These products cover the health
services such as vaccinations, infertility treatment, vitamins and Lasik
surgeries.

Daman also offers specialized services such as international
emergency assistance and second medical opinion services.

Under the Dubai and Northern Emirates category, the company offers its products
and services to the residents of Dubai and Northern Emirates.

Its product
portfolio includes essential benefits plan, premier DNE plan, care platinum DNE
plan, care platinum, care gold, care silver, care bronze, care chrome, visitor
and aounak plans.

These products provide coverage ranging from AED150,000 to
AED20 million.

These products cover benefits such as inpatient, outpatient,
maternity and emergency services and also provides benefits such as home
nursing, second medical opinion, alternative medicine, dental and maternity
services, and annual cancer screenings.

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *










LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2017


                              21 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                            January 2, 2014 Thursday

8 features to look for when you buy a health insurance plan

LENGTH: 1000  words


, Jan. 2 -- A health insurance plan has become inevitable in today's era of sky
rocketing medical expenses.

And if you don't have one of your own, you may end
up shelling out a huge amount from your pocket.

Knowing the importance of health insurance for your family is just the starting
point.

A step forward - and an important one - is selection of an ideal health
insurance plan, when there is gamut of them available today.

Some of them have
really unique features, but there are some common features available in all
policies which you must compare before finalising any health insurance plan.

Let's have a look at 8 features you must compare before buying a Health
Insurance Plan
 1.

Sub-limits on Room Rent
 Room Rent is one of the major expenses you have to bear if any member of your
family gets hospitalised; so some general insurance companies cap the maximum
amount that they will pay under their health insurance plan.

Generally such
limit is to the extent of 1% of sum assured and in case of ICU (Intensive Care
Unit) the maximum limit is 2% of sum assured.

But there are various general
insurance companies which do not have any maximum limit on room rent, so you
should look for such health insurance plans.

Pre-Existing Diseases
 Pre-Existing Diseases are those which you are suffering from before opting to
buy a health insurance plan, and therefore insurance companies do not cover them
from day 1 of your policy.

They have a waiting period ranging from 2-4 years in
which they will not be liable for any claim arising on account of your
pre-existing disease.

Therefore, you should look for health plans which will
cover your existing disease and have the least number of years of waiting
period.

Co-payment
 Co-payment is a clause in health insurance plans that requires cost-sharing by
the policyholder.

Cost sharing is the specified percentage of the admissible
claim amount.

For instance, suppose you have a health insurance plan which has a
20% co-payment clause; so in case you are hospitalised and your claim amount is
Rs 1 lakh, then you as an insured would be liable to bear Rs 20,000 (Rs 1,00,000
* 20%), while the rest-Rs 80,000-would be settled by the insurance company.

Hence, ideally you should look for health insurance plans which do not have any
co-payment clause at any stage of your life.

Network Hospital
 Network hospitals are those which have a direct tie up with your health
insurance company; so in case of a claim you can go for cashless facility.

Cashless facility saves you from settling the bill amount with the hospital as
the insurer directly settles your bill.

And you do not have to file for
reimbursement.

You should ideally look for health insurance plans which have the maximum
number of network hospitals, and more importantly, maximum number of good
network hospitals in your city.

Pre & Post Hospitalisation Expenses
 Pre-Hospitalisation expenses are those incurred before you are hospitalised
while post-hospitalization expenses are those incurred after you are
hospitalised.

pre-hospitalization expenses are generally covered for minimum of
30 days while post-hospitalisation expenses are covered for 60 days.

But there
are insurance companies which offer cover for more number of days.

So you should
look out for health plans which cover you for maximum number of days of pre and
post hospitalisation period.

No Claim Bonus
 In the years that you have not made any claim, the insurance companies also
provide you with a no claim bonus.

This has an effect of increasing your sum
assured in next renewal of the policy.

Such a bonus can range from 10-50% for a
claim-free year.

Hence, you should look for a policy which provides you highest
no claim bonus.

Exclusions
 Once you buy a health insurance plan, you might feel relaxed that you have
covered you and your family against any possible hospitalisation in future.

But
if you don't go through the exclusion section of your policy, then you might get
surprises at the time of claim.

So before finalising on any health insurance
plan go through its exclusion and select the one which has least number of
exclusions and are clearly defined.

Premium
 Premium you would pay is a vital aspect you should consider while buying a
health insurance plan; but mind you, it shouldn't be paramount in your selection
process.

Just think, you buy a health plan with a very low premium without even
taking into consideration the features of the policy.

At the time of claim you
learn that the insurance company is not liable to reimburse you as the cause for
which you were hospitalised was not covered under the policy.

So you should be
well aware of all the feature, or else you may find yourself in a soup with a
huge hospital bill to be paid, amid times where you just recovering with your
health conditions or God forbid, yet ailing.

PersonalFN believes that, if you keep in mind these features while selecting a
health insurance plan, you may not regret having made wrong choice in the
future.

We also believe that you should buy it from a reliable insurance agent
rather than directly from the insurance company, as there is no difference in
premium between direct and regular plans.

Also an insurance agent can assist you
at the time of claim.

It is important to have an adequate health insurance cover, which can help you
financially manage medical emergencies better.

Having an optimal insurance
coverage is integral in the exercise of financial planning, which helps you to
put your personal finance in order and aids you achieve long-term financial
goals.

This article has been authored by PersonalFN, a Mumbai based Financial Planning
and Mutual Fund Research Firm known for offering unbiased and honest opinion on
investing.

Disclaimer: The opinions expressed by PersonalFN are theirs alone and do not
reflect the opinions of The Hindu Business Line or any employee thereof.

The
Hindu Business Line is not responsible for the accuracy of any of the
information within the article.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt.

Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                             April 16, 2006 Sunday

How the health care law affects you

BYLINE: Community

SECTION: HEADLINES

LENGTH: 1067 words


On Wednesday, Gov.

Mitt Romney signed a massive health care bill that will
require everyone to have health insurance by July 1, 2007.

Many of the particulars will be worked out in the coming months, but here is
what the bill as currently written means to you if you are:

* An individual or family earning up to three times the federal poverty level.

That's equivalent to as much as $29,400 for an individual, $39,600 for a family
of two, $49,800 for a family of three, or $60,000 for a family of four:

If you are not eligible for Medicaid, you will be able to receive Commonwealth
Care Health Insurance.

The newly created Commonwealth Health Insurance Connector
will run the program.

You will pay no income tax on the money you use to buy health insurance, which
could be equal to a 30 percent discount on your monthly premiums.

You also will be eligible for state subsidies that will be set based on your
household income.

But that subsidy hasn't been determined, nor has the total
cost of the health plan.

If you or a member of your family has a health insurance plan offered through an
employer but can't afford it, the employer's contribution to your health plan
will instead be given to the Connector.

If you or a family member work multiple
jobs, multiple employers can pay toward the cost of your health insurance.

There will be no deductible for anyone between 100 percent and 300 percent of
the poverty line, but there will be a monthly premium.

For anyone under 100 percent of the poverty line -- which is $9,800 for an
individual -- there will be no deductible and no monthly premium.

* An individual making more than three times the poverty level but not receiving
health insurance from an employer.

You will be able to buy health insurance
through the new Commonwealth Health Insurance Connector, and will be able to buy
the same plan as small businesses.

Officials estimate that that could result in
a 24 percent reduction in the cost of premiums.

You will be able to pay for health insurance using pre-tax dollars -- the same
way you might contribute to a 401(k) plan or a Health Savings Account.

That
could yield as much as a 30 percent discount in monthly premiums.

Both individual and family plans will be available.

* An individual earning more than three times the federal poverty level but who
doesn't want health insurance.

You are the obvious loser in the health insurance
bill.

Everyone in Massachusetts must have health insurance by July 2007.

Those who
don't will lose their state income-tax exemption in the first year, which could
cost you $189 as an individual or $378 as a couple.

The second year, you will be
assessed half the annual cost of one of the new, low-cost health plans.

If your religious beliefs prohibit you
from seeking health care, you are exempt; likewise, if you can prove you have
enough money to pay for your own medical expenses without insurance, you are
exempt.

Also, if the state concludes that there are no affordable health plans, the
penalty will not be enforced.

* An individual between the ages of 19 and 26.

If you do not participate in a
health insurance plan at work and are not covered by a parent's plan, you will
have the option of signing up for a special insurance program for people 19 to
26.

The program will be administered by the new Health Insurance Connector.

The plan has not been created, but the idea is that it will be a stripped-down
insurance offering that will be significantly cheaper than traditional health
insurance, in part because 19- to 26-year-olds are a healthier population.

The
cost is still unknown.

Also, the new law allows people to stay on a parent's plan for up to two years
after they no longer qualify as a dependent.

So if your mother or father has a
health insurance plan and is already paying a family rate, it would be cheaper
to stay on that plan as long as possible.

n A small-business owner with 11 or more employees.

You will have to either
offer health insurance to your employees or pay a penalty of $295 a year for
each full-time employee.

(This assumes that the Legislature overrides Romney's
veto of this provision as expected.)

If a single employee receives free care from a hospital three times, or if your
business has five or more instances of employees receiving free care in a year,
you will be hit with a "free rider" surcharge.

The first $50,000 of treatment
per employee will be exempted.

Beyond that sum, you could be forced to pay
between 10 percent and 100 percent of the cost of care.

Business owners will get some help, however.

The state is expanding its Insurance Partnership program, which helps small
businesses pay for health insurance.

And if you have 50 or fewer employees, you also will be able to use the state's
new Health Insurance Connector to buy insurance, which should give you easy
access to cost-effective plans and make them more attractive to your employees
by allowing them to spend pre-tax dollars.

* An individual who receives health insurance through an employer.

Nothing in
the health care bill should have a direct effect on you.

In theory, however, the
new law could lead to a reduction in the cost of health insurance.

The logic works like this: Insurance is designed to pool the money of everybody
-- the healthy and the sick.

The sick are supported by the money of the healthy.

By requiring everyone to have insurance, the logic goes, low-risk people who
have been willing to go without insurance will jump into the risk pool,
contributing dollars rather than spending them.

At the same time, hospitals have been passing on the costs of treating the
uninsured to health insurance plans by building the expense into the rates they
charge insurers such as Blue Cross Blue Shield.

With everyone in the state required to have health insurance, that practice will
stop, lowering rates.

If rates are lower, insurance premiums should go down.

* Anyone over the age of 65.

You will not be directly affected by the law and
will continue to be covered by Medicare or private health insurance plans.

All children will be eligible for some form of health insurance.

Sources: Material was gathered through interviews with the Massachusetts
Hospital Association, Health Care for All and local health officials, and was
taken from the health care bill passed by the Legislature and from its summaries
of that law.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                      November 1, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

eHealth Enters 2017 Obamacare Open Enrollment Period with Powerful New Health
Insurance Comparison Tool that May Save Shoppers Thousands

LENGTH: 973  words


Nov. 1 -- Today eHealth, Inc. (NASDAQ: EHTH) (eHealth.com), the nation's first
and largest private online health insurance exchange, marks the beginning of the
Affordable Care Act's nationwide open enrollment period for 2017 with a broad
selection of plans, insightful customer resources, and a new drug coverage
comparison tool that can help shoppers save money on their prescription drug
needs.

The 2017 nationwide open enrollment period under the Affordable Care Act (ACA or
"Obamacare") begins on November 1, 2016 and is scheduled to continue through
January 31, 2017.

eHealth launches new drug coverage comparison tool

At a time when many health insurance consumers are facing increased premiums for
2017, eHealth's new prescription drug coverage comparison tool can help many
find potential savings on their prescription drug needs.

"The 2017 open enrollment period is here, and eHealth is ready with a powerful
new tool that can help a lot of shoppers save a lot of money on their
prescription drugs," said eHealth CEO Scott Flanders.

"When comparing 2017
health insurance plans at eHealth, just enter your prescription drug regimen
into the tool to see an estimate of how much you can save based on the different
levels of coverage offered by insurance plans in your area.

In a recent study,
more than 70% of our prescription drug coverage comparison tool users were able
to find $500 or more in estimated annual savings.

[1]"

eHealth's new prescription drug coverage comparison tool is available in every
state where eHealth offers 2017 major medical health insurance plans.

It is
found on the plan comparison page after shoppers enter their zip code and date
of birth to preview plans available in their area[2].

eHealth offers a broad selection of 2017 Obamacare-compliant health insurance
plans*

For the ACA's 2017 open enrollment period, eHealth has planned to offer access
to more individual and family health insurance plans than any other private
online marketplace.

Unavailable on government-run exchanges, these non-subsidy
major medical health insurance plans meet ACA requirements and can protect
consumers from 2017 ACA tax penalties if they maintain their enrollment through
2017 without a gap of more than two consecutive months.

According to data reported by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, consumers
shopping for Obamacare-compliant plans outside of government exchanges may find
more bronze and gold-level plans available, as well as more PPO (Preferred
Provider Organization) and POS (Point of Service) plans to choose from[3].

eHealth makes Obamacare easy for 2017*

eHealth's consumer-focused plan comparison and enrollment website provides
consumers with an easy way to find the individual and family health insurance
plans best suited to their needs and budget, and to enroll in coverage online.

In its efforts to continually improve the consumer experience, eHealth has made
hundreds of website enhancements since the close of the 2016 open enrollment
period.

Online tools and resources available to consumers through eHealth
include:

* Streamlined plan renewals for existing customers.

Consumers who purchased
their 2016 health insurance plan through eHealth can easily reshop for new plans
if their 2016 health insurance plans are no longer available or will no longer
meet their needs in 2017.

eHealth's website
is fully mobile-responsive, allowing shoppers to review personalized health
insurance quotes and enroll in the plan of their choice through a mobile device.

* The ability to find out which plans are accepted by specific doctors.

Many
consumers with preferred doctors and hospitals are wary of switching to plans
that may require them to change medical providers.

Based on network information
provided from the insurance companies, eHealth allows consumers to search for
plans accepted by specific primary care physicians or specialists.

* Comparison tools that make it easy to narrow down your choices - Consumers can
save money on health insurance by shopping from a broad selection of plans and
finding the best match for their needs.

eHealth allows shoppers to make detailed
comparisons of up to five plans at a time.

It also allows them to sort their
plan choices based on doctors-in-network, monthly premium, annual deductible,
coinsurance, plan type, metal level, and now based on coverage of specific
prescription drugs.

eHealth offers customer support and resources that make a difference

Health insurance is a complex product and many consumers find the process of
selecting a health plan for themselves or their family stressful and
overwhelming.

eHealth has always put customer support and education front and
center.

In time for the ACA's 2017 nationwide open enrollment period, eHealth is
offering consumers support and education in the following ways:

* Multiple channels for customer support.

eHealth answers questions and helps
consumers by telephone, email, and online chat using its staff of licensed
insurance agents and knowledgeable representatives.

* eHealth's Customer Resource Center.

Providing health insurance consumers with
access to dozens of educational videos, articles on a broad variety of health
insurance topics, and more, eHealth's Customer Resource Center is designed to
help consumers better understand their options.

* Free health insurance shopping eBook - eHealth's free eBook "3 Steps to
Understanding the Affordable Care Act" has been updated to help consumers
understand the health reform law and how to buy individual or family health
insurance for 2017.

This document has footnotes and they may be found at:
(http://news.ehealthinsurance.com/news/ehealth-enters-the-2017-obamacare-open-en
rollment-period-with-a-powerful-new-health-insurance
-comparison-tool-that-may-save-shoppers-thousands)

Source: eHealth

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                      January 27, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

India Network Visitor Health Insurance Announces Premium Changes for Visitors
Health Insurance Coverage from Feb. 1, 2015

LENGTH: 403  words


Jan. 27 -- US-based India Network Foundation issued the following news release:

India Network Foundation, a US based non-profit sponsor of visitor health
insurance in the USA announced today changes to health insurance plan premiums
effective February 1, 2015.

India network health insurance plans have managed to
keep the same premium for the last five years while medical costs continue to
increase in the United States.

For example many health insurance plans offered
on Healthcare.gov were increased more than 50 percent over their 2014 rates by
almost all insurance companies.

India Network plans offer a choice of
deductibles, pre-existing and new medical conditions coverage, medical
evacuation, repatriation benefits, and $25,000 accidental death benefit.

India network visitor health insurance plans differ from many other plans
offered in the United States in its coverage of inclusiveness of pre-existing
conditions.

Pre-existing conditions are covered on par with new medical problems
in India Network Health Insurance programs.

Many parents traveling to the United
States have one or two major medical conditions such as diabetes and blood
pressure.

Insurance coverage to those conditions alone is contributing
increasing claims costs of plans.

India Network is determined to provide good
quality coverage though costs have been increasing for the benefit of families
that otherwise will not bring grandparents and great grandparents to the United
States to share joyful holidays with children.

Dr. KV Rao, Founder and President said that "India Network believes in providing
consumer friendly health insurance plans that really pay all claims.

Our claims
ratios far exceed industry standards because of our unconditional pre-existing
condition coverage.

Though we like to keep the same premiums, it is impossible
with the current plan provisions with our ACE comprehensive PPO plan.

At the
same time, our members benefit from reduced premiums for fixed benefit plans
that have lower costs.

New green card holders with diabetes or high blood
pressure or any other medical condition are taking advantage India Network
health plan with pre-existing condition coverage until a suitable option is
found."

India Network Health Insurance Plan web site is fully automated for review of
plan designs, premiums, and to purchase plan through online application in a
secure server environment.

Source: India Network Foundation

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Employee Benefit News

                                   March 2010

International benefits roundup includes news from Japan, Spain

BYLINE: Compiled By Ibis Evisor

SECTION: EDITOR'S DESK; Pg.

3

LENGTH: 716  words


Japan's immigration bureau to verify visa applicants have social security health
insurance

Effective in April, expatriates working in Japan will need to furnish proof that
they are covered under the statutory health insurance plan in Japan in order to
renew their visa.

The obligation to enroll employees and their dependents in the social security
health insurance plan is not new, but up to now it has been loosely enforced.

The Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare is responsible for verifying
coverage, but because of a lack of administrative capacity, it has asked the
immigration bureau to include it as one of the criteria for an extension of a
foreigner's work visa.

The immigration bureau has not yet decided on how it will handle noncompliant
expatriates.

It appears that they will be checking only for health insurance
coverage, but not for other mandatory coverage.

It is not clear whether the
authorities might refuse to grant visa renewals or convey that information in an
attempt to recover premiums that should have been paid.

Under Japanese law, all residents of Japan - including foreigners - must be
covered under one of the two social security health insurance plans:

1.

Employed persons who work more than 20 hours per week for a company with more
than five employees must be covered under the Employees' Health Insurance plan.

Dependents also are covered.

A company is permitted to contract out of the EHI
and establish a plan that meets the requirements of a Health Insurance Society.

The cost of the EHI coverage is shared equally by employer and employee.

Individuals who are employed in small companies, as well as self-employed and
nonemployed persons, must be covered under a National Health Insurance program.

The individual pays the full cost.

Up to now, some employers only have maintained health insurance coverage for
their expatriate employees and their dependents under a private health insurance
plan - often the plan in the employee's home country or an expatriate plan.

Companies may have felt that providing health coverage to non-nationals under
the Japanese social security plan was unnecessary and expensive (about 4.1% of
payroll for the company and an equal amount for the employee).

The Japanese government has made it clear that it expects all individuals
working in Japan, including expatriates, to be covered under its social security
programs.

Some temporary assignees may be exempt from participation (typically
for no more than five years) under bilateral social security agreements, but
requirements vary by country.

Spain increases paternity leave to four weeks

The Spanish government has extended paternity leave from 13 days to four weeks,
effective January 2011.

Currently, employers also are required by the Workers'
Statute to provide two days' paid leave for the birth of a child, giving fathers
in Spain a total of 15 days paternity leave.

This law primarily affects male employees, though female employees are eligible
for this leave if they are an adoptive or same-sex parent.

In both cases, only
one parent may benefit from the leave, and it cannot be the parent who gave
birth.

Leave also is granted in the case of foster care.

The leave period is extended by two days for each additional child in the event
of multiple births or adoptions.

Therefore, an adoptive parent or the father of
twins would be eligible for four weeks plus two days.

The extended paternity leave is in addition to the two days of paid leave for
the birth of a child that the Workers' Statute requires employers to provide to
fathers.

Paternity leave is granted and payment is calculated in the same manner as for
maternity leave:

* The employee must give his employer advance notice of the expected birth.

* The employee is compensated by social security at the maternity leave rate.

Social security law has not yet been amended to reflect the extended leave
periods, but a change is expected prior to the law's effective date in 2011.

IBIS eVisor is an electronic news and compliance alerts service covering
information in the area of international employee benefits in over 40 countries.

eVisor is a service of IBIS Advisors, with more than 35 years of experience
providing global HR solutions.

URL: http://www.ebn.benefitnews.com/

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: EBN


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                         Cheap Arizona Health Insurance

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.cheaparizonahealthinsurance.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   CheapArizonaHealthInsurance.com is the online project of Matthew Irons with
Irons Family Insurance a local Arizona health insurance broker.

Combining the
service and security of a local insurance agent with the convenience and
technology of the Internet, CheapArizonaHealthInsurance.com helps individuals
and small businesses find affordable health insurance and manage their benefits.

CheapArizonaHealthInsurance.com makes buying health insurance easy.

You can
learn all about health insurance, get free online health insurance quotes,
compare health plan prices and benefits side-by-side, choose from a large
selection of affordable health insurance plans from leading health insurance
companies, and apply for health insurance online.

We have created a place where
individuals, families, small groups, and students can choose the health
insurance plan that is right for them.

CheapArizonaHealthInsurance.com offers a
wide variety of health plans including individual and family Arizona health
insurance, group health insurance, HMOs, PPOs, POS, Indemnity plans, short-term
health insurance plans, dental health insurance, and international travel health
insurance.

CheapArizonaHealthInsurance.com works directly with popular health
insurance companies such as HealthNet, Aetna, Humana, Golden Rule, Assurant,
American National, American Community, LifeWise of Arizona, and many others.

By
providing choices for both health insurance companies and types of health plans,
combined with free onlin

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              27 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                                January 22, 2012

Your Money: The high cost of health insurance

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE

LENGTH: 554 words


The amount you pay for health insurance will vary hugely, depending on the type
of cover you want.

Before you choose a health insurance plan, consider whether
you want to be able to claim for hospital costs only, or for day-to-day medical
expenses too.

What type of hospital room would you like?

Do you have children, or plan to have
a baby?

Do you have any medical conditions?

All these considerations will help you to decide what type of cover is right for
you.

The Sunday Business Post compared the cost of health insurance for a number of
scenarios.

Figures are based on the Health Insurance Authority's (HIA) online
comparison of health insurance plans.

It is important to note that full product benefits and terms and conditions,
such as the specific hospitals covered, may differ between insurers.

The following is only an indication of prices, and individual insurers should be
contacted for full details of benefits provided.

You should not base your health
insurance decisions on premiums alone.

**1**Nick and his wife Annette are in their 30s, and plan to start a family
soon, so they want a plan with maternity benefits.

They also want cover for a
semi-private room in a private hospital, with no inpatient excess.

Cover for
day-to-day expenses is also required.

A total of 29 plans matched the couple's needs, with six plans from Quinn, three
from Aviva and 20 from VHI.

There was a difference of more than EUR 600 between the dearest and cheapest
plans, with the cheapest five options all from Quinn.

Prices for the 29 options
ranged from an annual cost of EUR 825 per adult for Quinn's Healthwise Plus No
Excess plan, to EUR 1,460.94 for VHI's Health Plus Extra plan.

**2**Ellie is in her 20s, and wants basic hospital cover only.

She would like a
health insurance plan that provides cover for a semi-private or private room in
a public hospital, with no in-patient excess.

She does not require day-to-day cover, and is not interested in plans with
specific cover for children or maternity benefits.

According to the HIA's website, 14 health insurance plans match her criteria,
with two options from Quinn, one from VHI and 11 from Aviva.

The cheapest option
was Quinn's Essential First plan at EUR 485 per adult.

The dearest option was
Aviva's Total Life Level 1 at EUR 742.

**3**Mairead is in her 50s, and wants prices for health insurance plans based on
a private room in a high-tech hospital.

She does not want an in-patient excess
to apply.

She would also like some cover for day-to-day expenses, and a low
outpatient excess of EUR 50 or less.

As her children are now adults, she is not
interested in health insurance plans with cover for children or maternity
benefits.

Eleven health insurance plans match Mairead's criteria, with prices varying by
more than EUR 1,300 annually.

There are two options from Quinn, one from VHI and
eight from Aviva.

Both the cheapest and dearest options come from Quinn, with
Company Care Gold costing EUR 2,150 per adult per year, and Health Manager Gold
costing EUR 3,495.

VHI's PMI 04 11 plan is the second-dearest of the 11 options at an annual cost
of EUR 3,222.

Aviva's options range in cost from EUR 2,943 for We Plan Level 5
with Day to Day A to EUR 3,080 for We Plan Level 5 with Day to Day B.

*For further information, see the HIA's website, www.hia.ie, or lo-call
1850-929166*

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday

Important Update on Health Insurance for GTAs, GRAs, and GAs

LENGTH: 402  words

DATELINE: New York



 Manhattan: Kansas State University has issued the following news release:



   Graduate Students appointed in a 0.5 FTE Graduate Teaching Assistant,
Graduate Research Assistant or Graduate Assistant position are currently offered
health insurance through the Kansas Board of Regents (KBOR) graduate student
insurance plan.

The University currently pays 75% of the premium contribution
toward this insurance plan.

IRS Notice 2016-17 informed employers that such premium reduction arrangements
fail to satisfy the Affordable Care Act because employer payments to individual
plans are not permissible.

Student health insurance plans (SHIP) are deemed to
be individual plans.

The IRS issued transition relief for such arrangements for
plans with policy years beginning before January 1, 2017.

The current Kansas
Board of Regents plan year began August 1, 2016 and runs through July 31, 2017.

What does this mean for our current graduate students?

Graduate students who meet the criteria to be enrolled in the graduate student
health insurance plan will continue to be eligible for the health insurance
through July 31, 2017.

What are your options beginning in August 2017?

Graduate students will have several insurance options for the 2017-2018
academic year, starting August 1, 2017.

These options may include but are not limited to:



     Enroll in the student health insurance plan through the Kansas Board of
Regents

     Covered as a dependent on a parent (until age 26) or spouse's health
insurance plan

     Enroll in the health insurance marketplace.

The gain or loss of health
insurance is considered a qualifying event for a new health insurance
enrollment.

Kansas State University values the contributions provided by our graduate
student employees.

The University is currently exploring an alternative to
provide support to these graduate student employees in the 2017-2018 academic
year.

Attend an informational session to have your questions answered



 GTAs, GRAs, and GAs are encouraged to attend an informational session to learn
more about these changes and other options for health insurance coverage.

The
session is being offered at two times this Friday.

Friday, October 21, 2016

     9:30am and 3:00pm

     Cottonwood Room (second floor of K-State Student Union)





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday

Important Update on Health Insurance for GTAs, GRAs, and GAs

LENGTH: 402  words

DATELINE: New York



 Manhattan: Kansas State University has issued the following news release:



   Graduate Students appointed in a 0.5 FTE Graduate Teaching Assistant,
Graduate Research Assistant or Graduate Assistant position are currently offered
health insurance through the Kansas Board of Regents (KBOR) graduate student
insurance plan.

The University currently pays 75% of the premium contribution
toward this insurance plan.

IRS Notice 2016-17 informed employers that such premium reduction arrangements
fail to satisfy the Affordable Care Act because employer payments to individual
plans are not permissible.

Student health insurance plans (SHIP) are deemed to
be individual plans.

The IRS issued transition relief for such arrangements for
plans with policy years beginning before January 1, 2017.

The current Kansas
Board of Regents plan year began August 1, 2016 and runs through July 31, 2017.

What does this mean for our current graduate students?

Graduate students who meet the criteria to be enrolled in the graduate student
health insurance plan will continue to be eligible for the health insurance
through July 31, 2017.

What are your options beginning in August 2017?

Graduate students will have several insurance options for the 2017-2018
academic year, starting August 1, 2017.

These options may include but are not limited to:



     Enroll in the student health insurance plan through the Kansas Board of
Regents

     Covered as a dependent on a parent (until age 26) or spouse's health
insurance plan

     Enroll in the health insurance marketplace.

The gain or loss of health
insurance is considered a qualifying event for a new health insurance
enrollment.

Kansas State University values the contributions provided by our graduate
student employees.

The University is currently exploring an alternative to
provide support to these graduate student employees in the 2017-2018 academic
year.

Attend an informational session to have your questions answered



 GTAs, GRAs, and GAs are encouraged to attend an informational session to learn
more about these changes and other options for health insurance coverage.

The
session is being offered at two times this Friday.

Friday, October 21, 2016

     9:30am and 3:00pm

     Cottonwood Room (second floor of K-State Student Union)





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 25, 2016 Friday

Insured Texans lack clear understanding of their health insurance plans

LENGTH: 775  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: American Association for the Advancement of Science has issued the
following news release:



  Texans who bought their own health insurance were less likely to understand
basic terms and how to use their plans compared with those who have Medicare,
Medicaid or employee-sponsored health insurance.

The report found that the percentage of Texans who bought individual health
insurance plans increased 78 percent (to 18 percent from 10 percent) from 2013
to 2015.

The increase includes 1.3 million Texans who purchased Affordable Care
Act marketplace plans.

However, researchers discovered that Texans who bought
individual plans were far less likely to understand basic health insurance terms
like "premium," "copayment" and "deductible."

For example, 25 percent of Texans with employee-sponsored health insurance said
they lacked confidence in understanding the term "maximum out-of-pocket
expenses."

But more than 42 percent of Texans who bought their own health
insurance plans said they didn't understand the same term.

"The unfortunate irony is that those with individual health insurance plans are
the least likely to understand the basic terms, but they have the greatest need
to understand them," said Elena Marks, EHF's president and CEO and a nonresident
health policy fellow at the Baker Institute.

"This group has to choose from a
variety of health insurance options and pay much more of the cost of their
insurance.

It's critical that they understand what they are buying."

The report found Texans who bought their own health insurance also had more
difficulty understanding how to use their health plans.

More than half (51
percent) said that they lacked confidence to understand how much it would cost
to go to care providers outside of their plan's network.

Nearly half (46
percent) said they didn't understand what counts as preventive services, many of
which are covered by health plans at no additional cost.

Researchers found that Texans with Medicare, Medicaid, military and
employee-sponsored health insurance had difficulty understanding basic health
insurance terms and how to use their plans; however, their lack of confidence
rates were about one-third lower than those for Texans who purchased individual
health insurance.

"The long-term success of the Affordable Care Act depends on people buying,
using and experiencing satisfaction with health insurance," said Vivian Ho, the
chair in health economics at the Baker Institute and director of the institute's
Center for Health and Biosciences, a professor of economics at Rice and a
professor of medicine at Baylor College of Medicine.

"The lack of understanding
about the basic financial and coverage provisions of health insurance plans can
lead to surprise and frustration.

That can undermine efforts to increase
coverage."

Marks said this research highlights the urgent need to emphasize the importance
of consumer literacy in the national conversation about health insurance.

"It's important for all Americans to better understand this complex system so
that they can make the best decisions about health insurance and health care
choices for themselves and their families," Marks said.

"Those who've worked
diligently to expand enrollment in health coverage must help the newly insured
understand their plans."

The report is the 20th in a series on the implementation of the Affordable Care
Act (ACA) in Texas co-authored by Marks and Ho.

The Health Reform Monitoring Survey (HRMS) is a quarterly survey of adults ages
18-64 that began in 2013.

This report is a summary of data extracted from the
HRMS surveys in Texas administered between September 2013 and September 2015.

The HRMS is designed to provide timely information on implementation issues
under the ACA and to document changes in health-insurance coverage and related
health outcomes.

The Baker Institute and EHF are partnering to fund and report
on key factors about Texans obtained from an expanded, representative sample of
Texas residents (HRMS-Texas).

The HRMS was developed by the Urban Institute, conducted by GfK and jointly
funded by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, the Ford Foundation and the Urban
Institute.

The analyses and conclusions based on HRMS-Texas are those of the
authors and do not represent the view of the Urban Institute, the Robert Wood
Johnson Foundation or the Ford Foundation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 24, 2016 Thursday

Insured Texans lack clear understanding of their health insurance plans

LENGTH: 775  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: American Association for the Advancement of Science has issued the
following news release:



  Texans who bought their own health insurance were less likely to understand
basic terms and how to use their plans compared with those who have Medicare,
Medicaid or employee-sponsored health insurance.

The report found that the percentage of Texans who bought individual health
insurance plans increased 78 percent (to 18 percent from 10 percent) from 2013
to 2015.

The increase includes 1.3 million Texans who purchased Affordable Care
Act marketplace plans.

However, researchers discovered that Texans who bought
individual plans were far less likely to understand basic health insurance terms
like "premium," "copayment" and "deductible."

For example, 25 percent of Texans with employee-sponsored health insurance said
they lacked confidence in understanding the term "maximum out-of-pocket
expenses."

But more than 42 percent of Texans who bought their own health
insurance plans said they didn't understand the same term.

"The unfortunate irony is that those with individual health insurance plans are
the least likely to understand the basic terms, but they have the greatest need
to understand them," said Elena Marks, EHF's president and CEO and a nonresident
health policy fellow at the Baker Institute.

"This group has to choose from a
variety of health insurance options and pay much more of the cost of their
insurance.

It's critical that they understand what they are buying."

The report found Texans who bought their own health insurance also had more
difficulty understanding how to use their health plans.

More than half (51
percent) said that they lacked confidence to understand how much it would cost
to go to care providers outside of their plan's network.

Nearly half (46
percent) said they didn't understand what counts as preventive services, many of
which are covered by health plans at no additional cost.

Researchers found that Texans with Medicare, Medicaid, military and
employee-sponsored health insurance had difficulty understanding basic health
insurance terms and how to use their plans; however, their lack of confidence
rates were about one-third lower than those for Texans who purchased individual
health insurance.

"The long-term success of the Affordable Care Act depends on people buying,
using and experiencing satisfaction with health insurance," said Vivian Ho, the
chair in health economics at the Baker Institute and director of the institute's
Center for Health and Biosciences, a professor of economics at Rice and a
professor of medicine at Baylor College of Medicine.

"The lack of understanding
about the basic financial and coverage provisions of health insurance plans can
lead to surprise and frustration.

That can undermine efforts to increase
coverage."

Marks said this research highlights the urgent need to emphasize the importance
of consumer literacy in the national conversation about health insurance.

"It's important for all Americans to better understand this complex system so
that they can make the best decisions about health insurance and health care
choices for themselves and their families," Marks said.

"Those who've worked
diligently to expand enrollment in health coverage must help the newly insured
understand their plans."

The report is the 20th in a series on the implementation of the Affordable Care
Act (ACA) in Texas co-authored by Marks and Ho.

The Health Reform Monitoring Survey (HRMS) is a quarterly survey of adults ages
18-64 that began in 2013.

This report is a summary of data extracted from the
HRMS surveys in Texas administered between September 2013 and September 2015.

The HRMS is designed to provide timely information on implementation issues
under the ACA and to document changes in health-insurance coverage and related
health outcomes.

The Baker Institute and EHF are partnering to fund and report
on key factors about Texans obtained from an expanded, representative sample of
Texas residents (HRMS-Texas).

The HRMS was developed by the Urban Institute, conducted by GfK and jointly
funded by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, the Ford Foundation and the Urban
Institute.

The analyses and conclusions based on HRMS-Texas are those of the
authors and do not represent the view of the Urban Institute, the Robert Wood
Johnson Foundation or the Ford Foundation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                        Your Health Insurance Agent.com

                             12706 W. Sierra Circle
                              El Mirage,  AZ 85335
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (623) 581-2204
URL: www.yourhealthinsuranceagent.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   YourHealthInsuranceAgent.com has made it much easier purchase health
insurance.

We have developed and maintained a great website where individuals,
students, families, and small businesses can locate and purchse the health
insurance plan that best fits their needs.

We provide the total package when it
comes to online health insurance service.

You can research everything about
health insurance, get an instant online health insurance quote, compare health
insurance plans side-by-side, review the benefits of each insurance plan, and
determine what plan is best for you.

Upon visiting
yourhealthinsuranceagent.com, you will find the widest selection of health
insurance plans (Individual Health Insurance, Family Health Insurance, Group
Health Insurance, HMOs, PPOs, POS, Indemnity plans, Short-term, Dental
Insurance, Medicare Supplement, etc.)

The health plans
we feature are offered by health insurance industry leaders including Blue Cross
Blue Shield of Arizona, Celtic, Golden Rule, CGI Step, Fortis and Health Net
Arizona.

By providing choices for both health insurance companies and types of
health plans, also providing instant quotes so you can review price and
benefits.

Everyone here at YourHealthInsuranceAgent.com has a strong focus on
customer service and meeting all of your health insurance needs.

We think it's
important to know that there are real agents behind YourHealthInsuranceAgent.com
for fast answers, unbiased health insurance information, and k

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              33 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                                 June 15, 2014

Your Money: Get to know the market and save

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE

LENGTH: 942 words


With hundreds of health insurance plans to choose from, it can be difficult to
wade through all the information available and find the best plan for your
needs.

As prices spiral and consumers face bigger bills for health insurance, getting
to know the market, the range of plans on offer and the cover you need, could
help you to cushion yourself against rising costs.

The Health Insurance Authority (HIA) is the regulator of the health insurance
market.

Its consumer guide to the market explains that anyone can buy private
health insurance regardless of their health status or age, and health insurers
cannot refuse to sell you cover.

''However, waiting periods may apply before benefits can be claimed, the HIA
guide said.

Also, keep in mind that, if your cover lapses for more than 13
weeks, you may have to serve your waiting periods again.

Your age will not affect your insurance premium.

''The health insurance system
applying in Ireland is called community rating.

In a community rated system
everyone pays the same premium for a given health insurance plan, the HIA's
guide explained.

However, insurers are allowed to charge discounted prices in
some circumstances, such as for students, for example.

When choosing cover, don't forget to consider corporate plans which, for similar
cover, are typically cheaper than the products marketed to the public by health
insurers.

All consumers are entitled to buy corporate plans, but have to find them first,
as insurers will not necessarily point consumers in the direction of these
plans.

The basic rule though is that if a plan is on the market, you can buy it.

**Take one family**

To give a flavour of the health insurance market, The Sunday Business Post
considered the health insurance options for a fictional consumer, Maria.

Figures
are based on the Health Insurance Authority's online comparison of health
insurance plans.

However, this is only intended as an indication of prices, and individual
insurers should be contacted for full details of benefits provided.

(For further
information, see healthinsurancecomparison.ie).

Maria wants to buy health insurance cover for herself, her husband and their
five-year-old daughter.

She wants cover for a semi-private room in a private
hospital, and according to the HIA's online comparison, 178 plans fit the bill.

Prices per adult per year range from EUR 620 to more than EUR 2,600, so she
decides to refine her search.

She's prepared to accept an in-patient excess, but is not willing to plump for a
plan with restricted procedures.

Applying these parameters whittles down her
list of possible options from 178 to 53, with the price ranging narrowing to
just under EUR 660 to slightly above EUR 2,410.

Many of the options thrown up by Maria's search are from Laya.

However, she
discovers that, unlike its rivals, the insurer applies a credit charge of 3 per
cent for non-yearly payments.

As Maria looks more closely at the plans that meet her criteria, she sees major
differences in the benefits on offer and the level of excess that applies.

.....

**Six questions to ask yourself**

-- Do you want to be able to claim for hospital costs only, or for day-to-day
medical expenses too?

-- Do you need a private hospital room?

-- Do you have children, or plan to have a baby?

-- Do you have any existing medical conditions?

-- Are you willing to pay an excess in exchange for a lower premium?

-- Are you willing to accept restricted cover (eg, a selected list of hospitals)
to save money?

.....

**Question time: The alternative provider**

If you can't afford health insurance, there are cheaper alternatives available,
albeit with less cover.

HSF Health Plan has been operating in the Irish market for 65 years and is
regulated by the Health Insurance Authority (HIA).

It provides cash plans, which help families to cover the cost of day-to-day
health bills, but do not cover hospital stays or the cost of operations.

The Sunday Business Post put a number of questions to HSF about what it offers,
and here's what they said.

**How do cash plans and health insurance differ?

**

Private health insurance covers in-patient costs in private hospitals, whereas
the benefits of a health cash plan are focused on everyday healthcare costs,
which often fills the gap that private health insurance doesn't cover.

**What do you cover?

**

Out-patient treatment, covering GP and dental services, consultant fees, optical
treatment -- including disposable contact lenses and eye laser treatment --
physiotherapy, chiropody and a range of complementary treatments.

We also cover prescription costs, birth and adoption grants and grants for
hospital and hospice admissions.

**What do people typically claim for?

**

The largest benefit claimed for is dental and optical, making up over 34 per
cent of our total claims for 2013.

**How much does it cost?

**

A health cash plan is a low-cost scheme with payments starting from EUR 10.25 a
month.

HSF Health Plan schemes also do not have any excess, so the amount you
claim is not reduced by the need for paying an excess.

**When did your prices last increase?

**

For the first time in many years, HSF Health Plan increased premiums on some of
its plans from January 1, 2014.

The last premium increase prior to that was over
ten years ago.

We do not plan to make any further adjustments in the near future.

**Do you also deal with corporate customers?

**

We are finding that companies are looking more closely at health cash plans as
an alternative benefit provision.

With costs increasing in the private medical
insurance market, we fully expect to see this area grow as companies have to
realign their benefit structure to make the best use of a stringent budget.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Post Publications Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                     August 26, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Consumers Unhappy with Obamacare Seek Alternatives

LENGTH: 536  words


Aug. 26 -- As a large percentage of enrollees express dissatisfaction with their
Obamacare coverage, AgileHealthInsurance.com is seeing growing interest in term
health insurance plans.

For millions of people, term health insurance plans can
represent a more affordable option than Obamacare or a bridge to this year's
Obamacare enrollment period.

Dissatisfaction among Obamacare enrollees is a significant health care issue.

According to a recent study from the Deloitte Center for Health Solutions, only
30 percent of Obamacare exchange enrollees are satisfied with their current
plans.

This satisfaction level is significantly lower than satisfaction levels
among enrollees in employer health plans, as well as enrollees in Medicare and
Medicaid.

Price is a key driver of dissatisfaction with Obamacare plans.

According to the
Deloitte survey, 35 percent of dissatisfied Obamacare marketplace enrollees felt
they were paying too much for their plan.

In addition to making premium
payments, enrollees in Obamacare plans can also pay high deductibles unless they
qualify for cost-sharing subsidies or pay for a high-end gold or platinum plan.

Consumers also complain their Obamacare plans do not include broad enough
provider networks.

A study by Avalere recently revealed that Obamacare plans
offered on exchanges created by the Affordable Care Act have 34 percent fewer
providers than commercial plans offered outside exchanges.

If consumers'
preferred doctors or hospitals are out of network, they face the possibility of
paying full price to see them.

In response to Obamacare dissatisfaction, some consumers are turning to term
health insurance plans.

Term health insurance premiums for 30-year-olds, for
example, are over 70 percent less expensive on average than premiums for
unsubsidized Obamacare bronze plans.

Moreover, term health plans are known for
very wide provider networks.

Enrollment in these plans can be done throughout
the year, as opposed to predefined enrollment periods.

"We have seen a steady rise in consumers shopping for term health insurance
plans," said Bruce Telkamp, CEO of AgileHealthInsurance.com.

"The popularity of
term health insurance is increasing as consumer awareness of its cost advantages
becomes better known."

It is important for consumers to know term health insurance represents a
distinct category of health insurance and has unique characteristics
differentiating it from Obamacare coverage.

Consumers have to apply, and,
depending on their health status (including pre-existing conditions), they can
be rejected.

Additionally, with term health insurance, consumers may still be
subject to the Obamacare Tax.

There are exemptions to the tax, however, and even
if consumers do have to pay it, they may still save money with term health
insurance.

AgileHealthInsurance.com provides a free rate comparison tool that allows
consumers to review plans, benefits and costs online.

They also can enroll
online if they find a plan that meets their needs.

For more information on term
health insurance as an alternative to Obamacare, see the article "Consumers
Unhappy with Obamacare" on AgileHealthInsurance's Learning Center at
www.AgileHealthInsurance.com.

Source: AgileHealthInsurance

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                       June 4, 2015 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

eHealth Launches New Short-Term Health Insurance Choices for Consumers Seeking
Quality, Temporary Coverage Outside of Open Enrollment

LENGTH: 732  words


June 4 -- Today eHealth, Inc. (NASDAQ: EHTH) announced that it has launched new
eHealth-branded short-term health insurance products in response to increased
demand for short-term plans among consumers and a lack of diversity in the
short-term health insurance products previously available.

eHealth operates
eHealth.com, the nation's first and largest private online health insurance
exchange.

Applications for short-term health insurance plans at eHealth more than doubled
between 2013 and 2014, and the number of short-term health insurance
applications that were declined at eHealth more than tripled in the same time
period.

eHealth's new short-term health insurance plans, eHealth Plus Coverage
and eHealth Plus Guaranteed Issue, are designed to help meet this new demand.

These plans are underwritten by National Health Insurance Company (NHIC) and
provide enrollees with access to Aetna's Open Choice PPO Network, a network of
health care providers who agree to provide services for members at a
pre-negotiated, reduced rate.

eHealth's branded short-term plans will be available to consumers shopping for
coverage at eHealth.com in 36 states plus the District of Columbia: Alabama,
Arkansas, Arizona, Connecticut, Colorado, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii,
Iowa, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Missouri,
Mississippi, Montana, North Carolina, North Dakota, Nebraska, New Mexico,
Nevada, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas,
Utah, Washington D.C., West Virginia, Wisconsin, and Wyoming.

"eHealth offers customers a wide selection of quality, affordable short-term
health insurance products from reputable insurers, but over the past year,
customers who missed open enrollment have consistently been asking for
short-term plans with comprehensive benefits that more closely resemble major
medical plans," said Gary Lauer, Chairman and CEO of eHealth, Inc. "We've worked
with NHIC to create plans designed to meet that need, and we will continue to
improve on products that carry the eHealth name."

Lauer continued, "We've also seen an increase in applications for short-term
coverage being declined, so we felt it was critical to offer a guaranteed-issue
short-term plan for shoppers who had previously been declined access to
short-term coverage based on their medical history."

Rise in Short-Term Applications

eHealth has reported a significant increase in consumer interest in short-term
health insurance products since the 2014 provisions of the Affordable Care Act
came into effect.

Starting in 2014, short-term health insurance was often the
only option for consumers who had missed the Affordable Care Act's open
enrollment period and who did not experience qualifying life events allowing
them to enroll in major medical coverage outside of open enrollment.

In 2014 at eHealth.com, applications for short-term health insurance increased
by more than 130%, from over 60,000 to over 140,000 per year.

At the same time,
the number of applications for short-term health insurance that were declined
increased from 9% of all submitted applications to 12% of all submitted
applications.

In many cases, applicants who were declined had no way to obtain
medical coverage until the next annual open enrollment period.

New short-term health insurance plans available at eHealth:

1. eHealth Plus Short-Term Coverage 1000, 2500, and 5000 -- This plan comes in
three variations based with deductibles of $1,000, $2,500, or $5,000.

Each has a
$1 million coverage limit, each is available for up to 11 months of continuous
coverage, and each provides enrollees with access to Aetna's Open Choice PPO
Network.

There is no coinsurance once the deductible is met.

2. eHealth Plus Guaranteed Issue Short-Term 3500 --This plan includes a $100,000
limit on medical coverage.

It provides enrollees with access to Aetna's Open
Choice PPO Network, has a $3,500 deductible, 20% coinsurance, and a $10,000
out-of-pocket maximum for covered medical services.

This plan is offered to
individuals and families who apply for short-term health insurance coverage and
have their initial application declined because they did not meet the insurance
company's underwriting requirements.

These general plan descriptions are qualified in their entirety by the actual
plan brochures and other plan documents available at eHealth.com for each plan.

Source: eHealth

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                 Copyright 2017 The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.
               Standard & Poor's Corporate Descriptions plus News

                               February 25, 2017

                                 eHealth, Inc.

                           440 East Middlefield Road
                            Mountain View,  CA 94043
                                      USA


OFFICE- 440 East Middlefield Road, Mountain View, CA, USA 94043, Telephone:
650-584-2700, Fax: 650-961-2153, http://www.ehealthinsurance.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 650-584-2700

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: EHTH
CUSIP: 28238P

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: 1997
PLACE OF INCORPORATION: DELAWARE
EMPLOYEES: 869

INCORPORATED in Delaware Feb. 22, 2002.

The company's predecessor was
incorporated in Delaware Nov. 14, 1997 as SASH Communications, Inc.

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *
SUBSIDIARIES:

     ·    eHealth China (Xiamen) Technology Co., Ltd.
     ·    eHealth China, Inc.
     ·    eHealthInsurance Services, Inc.


* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
OFFICERS:

     ·    Ellen O'Kane Tauscher, Chairman
     ·    Scott N. Flanders, Chief Executive Officer
     ·    David Kirsten Francis, Chief Operating Officer & Chief Financial
          Officer Scott Giesler
     ·    Jay Jennings, SR VP & Chief Accounting Officer
     ·    Kate Sidorovich, Investor Relations Contact


DIRECTORS:

     ·    Scott N. Flanders
     ·    Michael D. Goldberg
     ·    Randall S. Livingston
     ·    Jack L. Oliver, III
     ·    Ellen O'Kane Tauscher


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

Revision Date: November 4, 2016

   eHealth, Inc. provides online health insurance services in the United States
and China.

Its e-commerce platforms organize and present health insurance
information in various formats that enable individuals, families, and small
businesses to research, analyze, compare, and purchase a range of health
insurance plans.

The company offers medical health insurance coverage, including
preferred provider organization, health maintenance organization and indemnity
plans, health savings account eligible health insurance plans, and Medicare
related health insurance plans, as well as ancillary health insurance plans
comprising short-term, dental, life, vision, and accident insurance plans.

It
markets health insurance plans through its Websites, such as eHealth.com,
eHealthInsurance.com, eHealthMedicare.com, Medicare.com, and PlanPrescriber.com,
as well as through a network of marketing partners.

The company also licenses
its health insurance e-commerce technology that enables health insurance
carriers and agents to market and distribute health insurance plans online; and
provides online sponsorship and advertising services.

eHealth, Inc. was
incorporated in 1997 and is headquartered in Mountain View, California.

CAPITAL EXPENDITURES, Capital Expenditures are net of sales, retirements and/or
disposals OR includes other items.

$
2015.............2,996 2014.............3,604 2013.............7,326

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC CODES:
64 - Insurance agents, brokers, & service
6411 - Insurance agents, brokers, & service

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
Annual Report- Inc.

Cost of Revenues...............(4,178)        (4,494)        (5,461)
Marketing and Advertising.....(75,571)       (69,732)       (71,660)
Customer Care
 and Enrollment...............(42,540)       (42,745)       (35,099)
General and Administrative....(30,858)       (27,549)       (29,235)
Technology and Content........(36,351)       (40,390)       (32,579)
Amortization
 of Intangible
 Assets........................(1,153)        (1,529)        (1,414)
Restructuring Charges..........(4,541)              -              -
Other Income/expense-net............45           (98)           (92)
Earnings before Taxes..........(5,606)        (6,860)          3,640
TAXES AND OTHER EXPENSES..............

Provision for Income Tax...........843        (9,345)        (1,917)
Net Income (Loss)..............(4,763)       (16,205)          1,723
SUPPLEMENTARY INFO....................
Operating Income (Loss).....(5,651.00)     (6,762.00)       3,732.00
Basic EPS.......................(0.26)         (0.88)           0.09
Diluted EPS.....................(0.26)         (0.88)           0.09
  Bal.

$~
   Assets-                                       2015           2014
ASSETS...............................................
CURRENT ASSETS.......................................
Cash and Cash Equivalents......................62,710         51,415
Accounts Receivables............................9,647          8,200
Deferred Income Taxes...............................-            386
Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets.......5,185          6,474
Total Current Assets...........................77,542         66,475
NON CURRENT ASSETS...................................
Property and Equipment, net.....................7,364          9,640
Goodwill.......................................14,096         14,096
Intangible Assets, Net..........................9,620         10,774
Other Non-current Assets........................4,697          5,679
Total Assets..................................113,319        106,664
LIABILITIES..........................................
CURRENT LIABILITIES..................................
Accounts Payable................................3,012          5,961
Accrued Compensation and Benefits..............14,386          8,204
Accrued Marketing Expense......................10,698          8,707
Deferred Revenue..................................392            869
Other Current Liabilities.......................3,225          2,996
Accrued Restructurings............................223              -
Total Current Liabilities......................31,936         26,737
NON CURRENT LIABILITIES..............................
Non-current Liabilities.........................4,962          6,449
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY.................................
Common Stock - Par Value...........................29             29
Additional Paid in Capital....................266,699        259,007
Treasury Stock - Common.....................(199,998)      (199,998)
Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit).........9,498         14,261
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss).....193            179
Total Shareholders Equity......................76,421         73,478
Total Liabilities & Shareholders Equity.......113,319        106,664

RECENT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EXCHANGE: NGSM (Nasdaq Global Select Market)
STOCK INDEX: SP SmallCap
NUMBER OF SHAREHOLDERS: 30
STOCK PRICE:

                          STOCK DATA~
STOCKHOLDERS- February 28, 2015, 30.

DIVIDENDS: Common $0.001 par: No cash.

Common reverse split 1-for-2, Sept. 2006.

STOCK PRICE RANGE: 25.35 - 8.81

COMMON OFFERED: October 12, 2006, the company, through underwriters
led by Morgan Stanley, Merrill Lynch & Co., Thomas Weisel Partners
LLC and JMP Securities, offered 5,000,000 Common shares at $14.00
per share; comm., $0.9996 per share.

An additional 750,000 were
available to cover over-allotments.

Common $0.001 par..........................100,000,000   @17,908,942
Preferred $0.001 par........................10,000,000          None
  @Outstanding as of May 1, 2015; incl.

Announces Unaudited
            Consolidated Earnings Results for the Third Quarter and
            Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
01 Aug 16   July 28, 2016, eHealth, Inc.

Announces Unaudited
            Consolidated Earnings Results for the Second Quarter and
            Six Months Ended June 30, 2016
02 May 16   April 28, 2016, eHealth, Inc.

Announces Unaudited
            Consolidated Earnings Results for the First Quarter
            Ended March 31, 2016; Reaffirms Earnings Guidance for
            the Full Year Ending December 31, 2016
24 Feb 16   February 23, 2016, eHealth, Inc. Reports Unaudited
            Consolidated Earnings Results for the Fourth Quarter and
            Full Year Ended December 31, 2015; Provides Earnings
            Guidance for the Year Ending December 31, 2016


LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2017


                              37 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                               December 19, 2006

Hibernian to sell health insurance

LENGTH: 209 words



HIGHLIGHT: Hibernian is launching its Hibernian Health Insurance Plan
nationwide, following a very successful pilot.

Hibernian is launching its Hibernian Health Insurance Plan nationwide, following
a successful pilot launched to its customers at the start of November, it said
today.

The Hibernian Health Insurance Plan was launched in partnership with VIVAS
Health, the country's newest health insurance provider.

The insurance will be sold under the brand name Hibernian Health Insurance Plan
and will offer a wide range of benefits to customers at competitive rates, it
said.

The Hibernian Health Insurance Plan offers all the benefits of VHI Plan B with
additional savings of around E100 per person annually.

In addition, existing
Hibernian car and or home insurance customers will be eligible for further
loyalty discounts on their existing policies if they take out a Hibernian Health
Insurance Plan.

These additional discounts will also be available to any new
customers who purchase more than one Hibernian product.

The Plan includes
hospital cover, maternity benefits, out patient benefits, A and E abroad and
comprehensive cover for scans.

It also includes cover for all inpatient costs in
122 hospitals and treatment centres.

It offers a direct settlement agreement
with all private and public hospitals ensuring patient bills are paid directly
to the hospital.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright  2006 Media World Ltd.
                              All rights reserved


                              38 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             May 16, 2015 Saturday

HII Simplifies Health Insurance Purchasing with AgileHealthInsurance.com

LENGTH: 504  words

DATELINE: Tampa, FL


Health Insurance Innovations, Inc. (NASDAQ:HIIQ) (HII), a leading developer of
affordable health plans, today announced its newest line of business,
AgileHealthInsurance.com.

AgileHealthInsurance.com is a pioneering website that
makes it easy for consumers to purchase low-cost alternatives and supplements to
Obamacare health plans.

The website is optimized for an intuitive online
experience and a streamlined application process whether it is accessed from a
computer, tablet, or mobile device.

Health insurance alternatives to Obamacare are especially important now that the
Obamacare Special Enrollment Period for Tax Season ended on April 30th.

Obamacare plans will not be available again, without a qualifying life event,
until the 2016 open enrollment periods begins on November 15th and the earliest
that coverage can start for those plans is January 1, 2016.

Unfortunately, many
consumers are unaware of the Obamacare "lock-out" situation.

A recent nationwide
survey by HII demonstrated that only one-out-of-five adults knew when the
enrollment period for Obamacare health plans ended.

As a direct-to-consumer division of HII, AgileHealthInsurance.com was created to
educate people about the benefits of Term Health Insurance and provide a fast
online process for purchasing these plans.

Term Health Insurance is a flexible
and low-cost alternative to COBRA and Obamacare health plans, for individuals
without expensive pre-existing health conditions.

Term Health Insurance can also
provide "bridge coverage" for periods between health plan coverage, such as
during periods of unemployment or during summer months for students.

Term health
plans offer consumers the flexibility to choose health plans with the benefits
that matter most to them and combine these benefits with unrestricted provider
networks that allow them greater choice in the doctors and hospitals they use.

"Consumers face more individual responsibility than ever in their search for
quality health insurance coverage that meets their personal needs while still
fitting their budgets.

AgileHealthInsurance.com offers a marketplace of new and
affordable health insurance options that consumers will not find on
government-run health insurance exchanges," said Bruce Telkamp, CEO of HII's
Consumer Division.

"At AgileHealthInsurance.com, consumers can search for,
compare, and confidently purchase affordable and high-quality Term Health
Insurance plans from multiple insurance companies.

The process is so simple that
consumers can obtain proof-of-insurance in minutes, not weeks."

Bruce Telkamp is the co-founder and CEO of HealthPocket Inc., which was acquired
by HII in July 2014, and also the CEO of HII's Consumer Division.

Mr. Telkamp
had also previously served as HII's Chief Operating Officer but has transitioned
his HII operational responsibilities in Tampa, Florida to other members of the
HII Senior Leadership Team in order to focus on HealthPocket and HII's Consumer
Division businesses, both headquartered in Mountain View, California.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Investment News

                                  May 4, 2009

Agents oppose government-sponsored health care;
Association of Health Insurance Advisors worries it would lead to nationalized
system

BYLINE: Sara Hansard

LENGTH: 767 words


As Congress starts to take up health care reform, a group representing health
insurance agents is voicing its dissent over President Obama's call for
universal health insurance.

Specifically, the Association of Health Insurance Advisors, which is a part of
the National Association of Insurance and Financial Advisors, is opposed to
having a government-sponsored health plan as an option within any health care
reform plan passed by Congress.

Such a plan would represent a major step down
the road toward a single-payer, government-run health care system, the Falls
Church, Va.-based group said.

In explaining the AHIA's opposition, executive vice president Diane Boyle said,
``We're trying to lay down those issues that would cause us to do anything less
than embrace reform.''

So far, relatively little is known about the administration's plan for health
care reform.

But the AHIA is hoping to get the attention of Congress as those plans are being
developed.

Toward that end, the association's members are contacting members of
Congress who serve on the committees that are working on health care reform, Ms.
Boyle said.

During his election campaign, Mr. Obama called for health care reform that would
give Americans access to a government-sponsored health plan.

Nancy Ann DeParle,
director of the White House Office of Health Reform, has also called for a
public plan option, and Kathleen Sebelius, the secretary of the Department of
Health and Human Services, has supported that position as well.

But public plans often are underfunded, Ms. Boyle said.

Under the
government-sponsored Medicare plan for the elderly and the Medicaid plan for the
poor, ``We've seen payments to providers cut,'' she said.

In addition, many people who are eligible for Medicare and Medicaid aren't
taking advantage of the plans, Ms. Boyle said.

``Instead of creating another
public plan, we'd rather see enrollment in the existing public plans tackled,''
she said.

Linda Douglas, director of communications for health reform in Ms. DeParle's
office, dismissed the group's concerns.

``What the president has proposed is building upon our current system,'' she
said.

``He wants to work with Congress to enact health reform that will not only
cut costs and assure quality and affordable health care for all Americans, but
it will guarantee you your choice of plans and doctors, and it will enable you
to keep your current plan.''

But critics say that the creation of a public health care plan would likely mean
higher costs to those with private insurance as health care providers look for
ways to offset lower government payments.

If that happens, ``people will shift into the public plan because it is so much
less expensive,'' said Bill Foudy, president of Foudy Insurance Agency Inc. in
Los Angeles and president-elect of the AHIA.

``The costs in the private plan
would escalate and we would be out of business.''

Access to care in other countries that offer public health insurance is
``extremely limited or some care is even denied,'' said Mr. Foudy, whose company
sells health insurance to companies that range in size from 51 to 1,000
employees.

Health insurance agents also are worried about plans outlined by Mr. Obama
during his campaign to set up government-run health care exchanges to provide
low-cost health insurance.

limited offerings?

The combination of a public plan along with government-run health care exchanges
would lead to limited plan offerings and fewer outlets for consumers to buy
health insurance, predicted Roy Ramthus, president of HSA Consulting Services
LLC, a Silver Spring, Md., employee benefits consulting firm.

He led the Department of the Treasury's implementation of the health savings
account program in 2004 under President George W. Bush.

With HSAs, policyholders must buy health insurance plans with very high
deductibles.

They can then fund tax-advantaged HSAs and use funds from the
account to pay medical bills.

The aim is to make consumers more economically conscious of health care choices
and to bring more market discipline to the health care industry.

Many health insurance agents sell HSAs.

If plan offerings and sales outlets are limited, it would likely result in less
of a role for health insurance agents, said Robelynn Abadie, president of Abadie
Financial Services LLC in Baton Rouge, and president of the AHIA.

Most of Abadie
Financial Services' revenue comes from health insurance sales to small
businesses.

``If it becomes a government plan like Medicare and you have a federal employee
who is just giving you paper to fill out, you don't have that personal touch,''
Ms. Abadie said.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: in


                      Copyright 2009 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             March 7, 2017 Tuesday

Des Plaines aldermen delay health insurance vote

BYLINE: By Chacour Koop ckoop@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg.

0

LENGTH: 495 words


Des Plaines aldermen delay health insurance vote

Des Plaines aldermen delayed a decision Monday on Mayor Matt Bogusz's plan to
reduce health insurance perks for city council members, setting up a potentially
politically-charged final meeting before voters go to the polls.

Aldermen voted unanimously to defer Bogusz's resolution, which cuts the
lowest-deductible health insurance plans.

Bogusz has repeatedly tried to remove health insurance for city council members.

He's made the pitch part of his re-election campaign, arguing eliminating the
"selfish perk" will root out public servants with improper motivations.

Elected officials contribute 12 percent of premium costs, and the city pays the
remainder.

The health plan costs taxpayers about $90,000 annually.

Two city unions have agreed to reduce the health insurance plan for members in
recent collective bargaining agreements, and nonunion employees will also no
longer have the plan available Jan. 1, 2018.

Dissenting aldermen argued Bogusz's plan is yet another example of the mayor
attacking fellow elected officials, and they questioned the timing of the
resolution.

"You sit up there and all you want to do is beat up, punch the aldermen because
they get health insurance," 4th Ward Alderman Dick Sayad said to Bogusz.

"I
didn't choose to have health insurance.

Sayad argued aldermen hadn't been given a raise in more than three decades.

Fifth Ward Alderman Jim Brookman, who said he's supportive of removing the
lowest-deductible health insurance, questioned the timing of the mayor's
resolution.

He said city council members had agreed in closed session to wait
until collective bargaining negotiations with other unions are complete.

Brookman said the mayor's comments at a recent campaign debate describing
elected officials who accept health insurance as selfish were unacceptable.

That's how you destroy cooperation," Brookman
said.

Health insurance has been one issue dividing Bogusz and a bloc of aldermen.

A
year ago, Bogusz directed the city staff to remove the six alderman and the city
clerk with city health insurance after attorneys determined an ordinance
authorizing them didn't exist.

Aldermen Sayad, Brookman, Patti Haugeberg, John Robinson, Mike Charewicz and
City Clerk Gloria Ludwig are covered by city health insurance.

Bogusz later vetoed an ordinance allowing elected officials to retain health
insurance, but aldermen voted to override the mayor.

Sixth Ward Alderman Malcolm Chester, who's running against Bogusz in the mayoral
race, questioned the practicality of the resolution.

Chester, who recently tried
to change his health insurance plan with the city, said employees told him he
couldn't move to the lower-deductible plan in the middle of the year.

Bogusz argued the timing is pertinent because alderman had recently approved to
cut the benefit from about half the city's workforce.

Des Plaines Mayor Matt Bogusz wants to cut the lowest-deductible
health insurance plan for city council members.

Aldermen voted Monday to delay a
vote on the plan.

Matthew Bogusz, Des Plaines mayor

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              41 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                      February 7, 2012 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Navali: Health Insurance Outlet: Understanding Your Health Insurance Plan

LENGTH: 427  words


New Delhi, Feb. 7 -- Navali & Company, insurance agency and parent company of
Health Insurance Outlet, educates consumers on what to look for when buying
individual health insurance.

Through our website, www.healthinsuranceoutlet.com,
consumers can click on "Understanding Your Plan" on the home page and learn more
about what to look for when researching California health insurance.

There are many types of California health insurance plans out there.

When doing
your research, make sure you understand these important elements:

Deductibles and Out-Of-Pocket Maximums

* The deductible is the amount that must be met before the insurance company
starts to cover expenses.

For many routine visits like seeing a doctor, the
deductible is waived.

* The out-of-pocket maximum is the most you will have to pay per year.

Once you
meet this maximum, the plan covers 100% of all bills for the rest of the year.

In-Network vs. Out-of-Network

* Depending on the type of plan you select, your coverage for in vs.
out-of-network will vary.

For instance, if you have a managed care plan, such as
a PPO or POS, then you have more flexibility to use different doctors and
hospitals depending on what you select.

Coinsurance

* This is the amount you are obligated to pay for covered medical services after
you have satisfied any co-payment or deductible requirements on your plan.

Prescription Drugs

* Not all plans cover drug benefits.

Additionally, there are different types of
coverage such as generic, brand, and non-formulary.

Make sure you check out the
prescription benefits and coverage amounts when looking at the different plans.

Emergency, Hospital and Outpatient Care

* Hospital and Emergency Care: Depending on which plan you choose, you might be
responsible for a copayment or coinsurance for being admitted to the hospital or
even an emergency room visit.

* Outpatient surgery is any surgical procedure where you do not need to stay
overnight.

HealthInsuranceOutlet.com Makes It Easy To Compare And Save On Health Insurance:


* Information About Plans, Benefits, Limitations, Prescription Drugs and more

* Shop for Individual, Family, Child-Only, Short Term, Dental and Small Business
Health Insurance Plans

* Compare health insurance plans side-by-side to see which plan is best

* Interactive Blog to keep consumers up-to-date on everything about health
insurance

Please visit www.healthinsuranceoutlet.com for all your health insurance needs.

Or simply bookmark us so you will have a resource in the future.

We provide
health insurance plans from all the major carriers in California.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2012 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                      February 7, 2012 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Navali: Health Insurance Outlet: Understanding Your Health Insurance Plan

LENGTH: 427  words


New Delhi, Feb. 7 -- Navali & Company, insurance agency and parent company of
Health Insurance Outlet, educates consumers on what to look for when buying
individual health insurance.

Through our website, www.healthinsuranceoutlet.com,
consumers can click on "Understanding Your Plan" on the home page and learn more
about what to look for when researching California health insurance.

There are many types of California health insurance plans out there.

When doing
your research, make sure you understand these important elements:

Deductibles and Out-Of-Pocket Maximums

* The deductible is the amount that must be met before the insurance company
starts to cover expenses.

For many routine visits like seeing a doctor, the
deductible is waived.

* The out-of-pocket maximum is the most you will have to pay per year.

Once you
meet this maximum, the plan covers 100% of all bills for the rest of the year.

In-Network vs. Out-of-Network

* Depending on the type of plan you select, your coverage for in vs.
out-of-network will vary.

For instance, if you have a managed care plan, such as
a PPO or POS, then you have more flexibility to use different doctors and
hospitals depending on what you select.

Coinsurance

* This is the amount you are obligated to pay for covered medical services after
you have satisfied any co-payment or deductible requirements on your plan.

Prescription Drugs

* Not all plans cover drug benefits.

Additionally, there are different types of
coverage such as generic, brand, and non-formulary.

Make sure you check out the
prescription benefits and coverage amounts when looking at the different plans.

Emergency, Hospital and Outpatient Care

* Hospital and Emergency Care: Depending on which plan you choose, you might be
responsible for a copayment or coinsurance for being admitted to the hospital or
even an emergency room visit.

* Outpatient surgery is any surgical procedure where you do not need to stay
overnight.

HealthInsuranceOutlet.com Makes It Easy To Compare And Save On Health Insurance:


* Information About Plans, Benefits, Limitations, Prescription Drugs and more

* Shop for Individual, Family, Child-Only, Short Term, Dental and Small Business
Health Insurance Plans

* Compare health insurance plans side-by-side to see which plan is best

* Interactive Blog to keep consumers up-to-date on everything about health
insurance

Please visit www.healthinsuranceoutlet.com for all your health insurance needs.

Or simply bookmark us so you will have a resource in the future.

We provide
health insurance plans from all the major carriers in California.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2012 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            April 14, 2010 Wednesday

Student health plan lifts coverage caps // State, community colleges in one pool

BYLINE: Aaron Nicodemus

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg.

B3

LENGTH: 534 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


The following correction was published in the Telegram & Gazette on April 16,
2010:

Out-of-state students who attend state or community colleges are eligible for a
new health insurance plan.

Because of a reporter's error, a story in Wednesday's
Telegram & Gazette incorrectly described out-of-state students' eligibility.

Deval L. Patrick joined college presidents from throughout the
state at Quinsigamond Community College yesterday to announce a plan intended to
significantly improve the quality of health insurance available to students.

The new health insurance plan will eliminate caps for maximum coverage and will
cover the costs of emergency room visits, prescriptions and ambulance trips.

It
will triple the number of doctors that students may visit.

Approximately 11,000 students statewide are currently covered under health
insurance plans offered through the 24 state colleges and universities.

Starting in August, students who attend a state college or community college
will be eligible to enroll in the new health insurance plan, offered by Blue
Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts.

International students attending state and
community colleges will be eligible.

Not eligible for the new plan are students
attending private colleges and universities in the state; out-of-state students
attending state and community colleges (SEE PUBLISHED CORRECTION); and part-time
students.

Students at state colleges currently pay $1,030 for a yearly premium, which
increases by $32 on Aug.1.

Community college students currently pay $823, which
will increase by $37 on Aug.1.

The majority of students who attend the state's institutions of higher learning
are covered under their parents' health insurance plans.

Since 1989, state law
has mandated all higher education students have health insurance.

The health
insurance plan offered to students by state colleges currently limits coverage
to $100,000 per year; limits prescription drug coverage to $5,000 per year; and
forces students to pay 20 percent of the cost for a mental health visit.

Under
the new plan, those coverage caps will disappear, while a mental health visit
will require a $20 co-payment.

The current health insurance rules are slightly different for community college
students.

Their current cap is $50,000 of coverage per year; $5,000 per year cap
for surgeries; $1,500 per year cap for emergency room visits; and $150 charge
per ambulance trip.

Under the new plan, there would be no coverage caps and all
surgeries, ER visits and ambulance trips would be covered.

The new health insurance plan improves students' coverage by about 15 percent,
according to Jon Kingsdale, executive director of the Commonwealth Connector
Authority, the agency created in 2006 to help all the state's residents get
health insurance.

The premium for students will increase by 2 to 4 percent per
year, he said.

The student health insurance plan is funded by student premiums and is not
supplemented by the state, he said.

The improvements came because all 24 state
institutions pooled their students under one plan, he said.

ART: CHART

CUTLINE: College health benefit enhancements

PHOTOG: T&G Staff/STACEY ARSENAULT

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WORCESTER - Gov.

Deval L. Patrick joined college presidents from
throughout the state at Quinsigamond Community College yesterday to announce a
plan intended to significantly improve the quality of health insurance available
to students.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                     November 10, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Premiums for Alternative Health Insurance Bought Outside Government Exchanges
Average $103 Month

LENGTH: 503  words


Nov. 10 -- New data released today by AgileHealthInsurance.com shows that 65
percent of term health insurance plans purchased by consumers on its website had
monthly premiums of $100 or less.

Plans with monthly premiums of more than $100
but at most $200 were also popular, accounting for 23 percent of health plan
selections.

The average premiums on AgileHealthInsurance.com align well with recent news
regarding premium affordability.

A November 2016 survey by insurance research
and comparison firm HealthPocket found that $100 or less was the highest monthly
premium 52 percent of adults nationwide could afford to pay for health insurance
.

The average monthly premium for term health insurance plans selected on
AgileHealthInsurance.com was $103.

The findings are based on term health
insurance plans purchased by consumers between Jan. 1, 2016, and Nov. 7, 2016,
on AgileHealthInsurance.com that had a duration of at least 30 days.

The average premium for term health plans available on AgileHealthInsurance.com
invite cost comparisons with those observed on HealthCare.gov, the government
marketplace for Obamacare plans.

Obamacare plans have broad benefits but have
very different costs based on whether an individual is eligible for a subsidy.

For 2016 plans on HealthCare.gov, the average premium with subsidies included is
only $106.

However, in the absence of subsidies, the average premium is $386.

Consumers on AgileHealthInsurance.com paid 73 percent less than the average
premium without subsidies on HealthCare.gov.

"Obamacare premiums have increased an average of 25 percent this year, making
finding an affordable plan more difficult," said Bruce Telkamp, CEO of
AgileHealthInsurance.com.

"Fortunately for consumers, the private health
insurance marketplace is helping to fill this affordability gap with term health
insurance and other emerging insurance products."

Term health insurance plans are a compelling alternative for dissatisfied
Obamacare consumers who struggle with the cost of those plans.

Term insurance
plans have broader provider network coverage than most Obamacare plans so
enrollees can go to most doctors and still be covered.

Out-of-network coverage
is available for term insurance plans sold on AgileHealthInsurance.com.

Term health insurance is a form of major medical insurance that provides
coverage in case of illness or an accident for a set period of time.

Term health
insurance does not provide identical coverage as Obamacare plans, and benefit
and eligibility differences contribute to the cost savings observed.

Consumers
apply and, depending on their health status (including pre-existing conditions),
they may or may not be eligible for specific plans.

Additionally, with term
health insurance, consumers may still be subject to the Obamacare Tax unless
they qualify for one of several exemptions from the tax.

Term plans often
include co-pays and deductibles that parallel Obamacare plans, as well as
lifetime maximums of $1 million or more.

Source: AgileHealthInsurance.com

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                       May 10, 2012 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Navali: Health Insurance Outlet: Health Insurance 101

LENGTH: 380  words


New Delhi, May 10 -- Navali & Company, insurance agency and parent company of
Health Insurance Outlet, educates consumers about individual health insurance.

Through our website, www.healthinsuranceoutlet.com, consumers can click on "
Health Insurance 101" and learn more about what to look for when buying
California health insurance.

There are many types of California health insurance plans out there.

Here are
some basic things to know before buying individual health insurance:

What Types of Plans Should I Look For?

There are way too many plans to choose from and it can become very intimidating.

Let us try to break down the basics of the types of plans in California that you
might come across.

These types of plans are one of the
most affordable in the marketplace.

This is primarily because of the managed
network structure that is in place.

This is also another affordable
individual health insurance plan that gives people access to all health care
providers within the network.

Additionally, you can also go out of network and
most plans will cover you for care as well.

The HSA is primarily used for tax-free
strategies so individuals can save some extra money during tax time.

Also, HSAs
have high-deductible plans which are primarily used as "just-in-case" insurance,
or catastrophic coverage for those unfortunate emergency events.

Understanding What Costs Are Associated With Your Plan

* Premiums.

This is the monthly cost that you have to pay to maintain your
individual health insurance plan.

Some plans also offer quarterly payment
structures as well.

This is the amount of money that you are responsible for before
co-insurance kicks in on your individual health insurance plan.

Usually, the
lower the deductible, the higher your monthly premium.

This is the amount you have to pay to visit the doctor's office for
routine check-ups, sore throats, etc.

* Co-Insurance.

This percentage is what your insurance carrier will pay after
you have met your deductible.

This is an important number.

This is the most that can
come out of your pocket in any one given year for your health insurance, then it
resets.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2012 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 999 DOCUMENTS

          Copyright 2017 LexisNexis, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.,
                              All Rights Reserved
                     LexisNexis® Corporate Affiliations[TM]

                                August 21, 2017

                            Oxford Health Plans LLC

                                 4 Research Dr
                               Shelton,  CT 06484
                                 United States


MSA: 14860 - Bridgeport-Stamford-Norwalk, CT

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (800) 760-4566, (800) 889-7658 (Toll Free)
URL: www.oxhp.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
DCA NUMBER: 224027 - 204514 - 204514

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
FOUNDED: 1984
PLACE OF INCORPORATION: Delaware
LEGAL STATUS: PUBLIC
ORGANIZATION TYPE: Subsidiary

IMPORT:  NO
EXPORT:  NO

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

ULTIMATE PARENT:  UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (Minnetonka, )
IMMEDIATE PARENT:  UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (Minnetonka, )

CORPORATE HIERARCHY

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
INDUSTRY TYPE: Hospital & Medical Service Plans

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
524114 - Direct Health and Medical Insurance Carriers
PRIMARY SIC:
6324 - Hospital & Medical Service Plans
SECONDARY SIC:
6321 - Accident & Health Insurance
PRODUCTS:
CONSUMER OPTIONS SUITE - Health Insurance Plan Selection Tool
OXFORD USA - Health Insurance Plan
HEALTHY MIND, HEALTHY BODY - Magazine
OXFORD HEALTH PLANS - Health Insurance
OXFORD MYPLAN - Health Insurance
HEALTHY BONUS - Preventive Health Plan
HEALTHY MOTHER, HEALTHY BABY - Prenatal Program
OXFORD ON-CALL - 24 Hour Nurse Telephone Service
HMO LAUREL - Small-Employer Health Plan
HMO LAUREL SELECT - Small-Employer Health Plan
FREEDOM PLAN - Health Insurance Plan
ACTIVE PARTNER - Preventive Health Plan
LIBERTY PLAN - Health Insurance Plan
OXFORD EXCLUSIVE PLAN - Health Insurance Plan
COMPETITORS:

     ·    Regence BlueCross BlueShield of Oregon
     ·    Premera Blue Cross
     ·    Harvard Pilgrim Health Care, Inc.
     ·    Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Florida, Inc.
     ·    First Health Group Corp.
     ·    Blue Cross-Blue Shield Wyoming
     ·    Blue Shield of California
     ·    Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan
     ·    UnitedHealthcare Nevada
     ·    Health Net, Inc.
     ·    Medical Mutual of Ohio
     ·    Aetna Inc.
     ·    Cigna Corporation
     ·    Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Rhode Island
     ·    Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Massachusetts, Inc.
     ·    Molina Healthcare, Inc.
     ·    Highmark Inc.
     ·    CNO Financial Group, Inc.
     ·    Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Texas, Inc.
     ·    HealthSpring, Inc.
     ·    Horizon Healthcare Services, Inc.
     ·    Group Health Service of Oklahoma, Inc.
     ·    WellCare Health Plans Inc.
     ·    Bankers Life & Casualty Company
     ·    HealthPartners, Inc.
     ·    Blue Cross & Blue Shield of North Carolina Inc
     ·    Coventry Health Care, Inc.
     ·    Centene Corporation
     ·    Sisters of Mercy Health System
     ·    AMERIGROUP Corporation
     ·    Health Insurance Plan of Greater New York
     ·    Capital BlueCross Inc.


* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Ernst & Young LLP, 787 7th Ave, New York, NY, 10019, (212) 773-3000
COUNSEL: Robinson & Cole, 695 E. Main St., Stamford, CT, 06904-2305, (203)
462-7500
Sullivan & Cromwell, 250 Park Ave., New York, NY, 10177-0021, (212) 558-4000

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2017


                              47 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                       May 10, 2012 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Navali & Company: Health Insurance Outlet: Health Insurance 101

LENGTH: 380  words


New Delhi, May 10 -- Navali & Company, insurance agency and parent company of
Health Insurance Outlet, educates consumers about individual health insurance.

Through our website, www.healthinsuranceoutlet.com, consumers can click on "
Health Insurance 101" and learn more about what to look for when buying
California health insurance.

There are many types of California health insurance plans out there.

Here are
some basic things to know before buying individual health insurance:

What Types of Plans Should I Look For?

There are way too many plans to choose from and it can become very intimidating.

Let us try to break down the basics of the types of plans in California that you
might come across.

These types of plans are one of the
most affordable in the marketplace.

This is primarily because of the managed
network structure that is in place.

This is also another affordable
individual health insurance plan that gives people access to all health care
providers within the network.

Additionally, you can also go out of network and
most plans will cover you for care as well.

The HSA is primarily used for tax-free
strategies so individuals can save some extra money during tax time.

Also, HSAs
have high-deductible plans which are primarily used as "just-in-case" insurance,
or catastrophic coverage for those unfortunate emergency events.

Understanding What Costs Are Associated With Your Plan

* Premiums.

This is the monthly cost that you have to pay to maintain your
individual health insurance plan.

Some plans also offer quarterly payment
structures as well.

This is the amount of money that you are responsible for before
co-insurance kicks in on your individual health insurance plan.

Usually, the
lower the deductible, the higher your monthly premium.

This is the amount you have to pay to visit the doctor's office for
routine check-ups, sore throats, etc.

* Co-Insurance.

This percentage is what your insurance carrier will pay after
you have met your deductible.

This is an important number.

This is the most that can
come out of your pocket in any one given year for your health insurance, then it
resets.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2012 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                     January 1, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

India Network Visitor Health Insurance Plan Announces Reduction in Premium Rates
for Scheduled Benefit Insurance Plans Effective January 1, 2014

LENGTH: 536  words


New Delhi, Jan. 1 -- India Network Visitor Health Insurance plans have been
serving the Asian Indian community in the United States for more than two
decades with their innovative plan designs and affordable plan premiums.

Thanks
to the overwhelming community participation over the years, India Network Health
Insurance Program today occupies one of the top positions in short term medical
insurance for international visitors visiting United States, Canada, or Mexico.

It is the strong community participation that make it possible to reduce the
premiums for all age groups of visitors effective January 1, 2014.

The rate
reductions are go against current trends in plan pricing.

Obamacare
participantsare incidentally paying more for health insurance coverage in 2014,
often much inferior to the plans they had before.

Increasing medical costs and
loss ratios make it impossible for any group to call for reduction in premiums.

However, India Network leadership under Dr. KV Rao showed once more that it is
possible for bring cost effective visitor insurance programs for all age groups
with community participation and support.

The rate reductions announced today are for all age groups and for all scheduled
benefit plans - standard visitor health insurance, and premier health insurance
plan (including pre-existing condition coverage of upto $60,000).

The scheduled
benefit plans offer flexibility to the visitors to travel freely anywhere in the
United States, Canada, or Mexico and seek medical help whenever where ever they
need without any worry about in-network or out of network benefits.

These plans
offer excellent benefit to physicians and hospitals and variety of other medical
services.

For example, the $150,000 premier plans pays $125 for general office
visit, many times more than the Medicare payments to these providers.

Dr. KV Rao stated, "Bringing any reduction in premiums is a tough task this
year, given that we have not increased the premium rates for the last 5 years.

Thus a reduction in rates now put us lower than the rate 2006 rates for same
benefits or improved benefits.

I would personally thank every participant in the
Indian community and from other expatriate communities to help bring a reliable,
affordable and useful visitor health insurance program to all visiting parents
of all ages, 0-99 years old."

India Network Health Insurance Program is a true community effort in the United
States that shows how community members getting together can bring better
programs that are otherwise impossible to obtain.

Quality Coverage, affordable
premiums, and more than two decades of experience make the India Network a
unique experiment in Asian Indian Virtual community,spread in all 50 states in
the United States.

All are welcome to explore and take advantage of this award
winning visitor health insurance program for your loved ones visit next time.

India Network Visitor Health Insurance Plans are open to all nationalities
visiting the United States and are welcome to take advantage of the plans while
visiting the United States.

India Network Visitor Health Insurance plans are
underwritten by ACE American Insurance Group and claims are adjudicated in the
United States as well.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                          Health Insurance Answer.com

                             13900 NW Passage # 302
                           Marina Del Rey,  CA 90292
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (310) 827-7286
FAX: (310) 827-0256
URL: www.healthinsuranceanswer.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   We have specialized in individual & family health insurance & small business
group health insurance planning since 1969.

We offer Health Insurance Rates for
most Health Insurance Providers and Group Health Insurance Providers such as
Anthem Blue Cross, Blue Shield, Aetna, HealthNet, Humana, Golden Rule, Kaiser,
and Unicare to name but a few.

When you request your free Health Insurance
Quote Online, you will receive Health Insurance comparisons and Health
Information immediately.

You can compare health plans prices and benefits
side-by-side, choose from a large selection of affordable health insurance plans
and apply online within minutes.

We also offer individual and group Vision
Insurance Plan Quotes, individual and group Dental Insurance Plans, individual
and small group Life Insurance.

We offer a wide variety of health plans
including individual and family health insurance, small business group health
insurance, HMOs, PPOs, POSs, HSAs, HIAs, short-term health insurance plans,
dental insurance, vision insurance, Specialty Group Accident Medical Insurance,
Life Insurance and international travel health insurance.

Compare Health
Insurance Quotes, Medical Insurance plans to find the most affordable Medical
Care Options that meet your needs.

We represent most of the largest, strongest
Health Insurance Companies in the U.S.A. You will always be treated in a prompt,
professional and courteous manner.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              50 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                           September 3, 2013 Tuesday

What you need to know about the Affordable Care Act   Open enrollment begins
Oct. 1

BYLINE: Sun-News report

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 437 words


Open enrollment for the Affordable Care Act - a national healthcare overhaul
signed into law by President Barack Obama - begins Oct. 1.

Here is what you need
to know about the act's key features and health care changes from Blue Cross
Blue Shield of Texas.

Important dates

Oct. 1: Open enrollment through the health insurance exchanges begins for
individuals and businesses.

Enrollment will be done at healthcare.gov.

Dec. 15: The final day to purchase health care coverage on an exchange for
coverage that will be effective Jan. 1, 2014.

March 31, 2014: Final day for open enrollment through health insurance
exchanges.

Key features of the Affordable Care Act

Coverage will be guaranteed and required - most Americans will be required to
have health insurance coverage, or pay a penalty.

Residents can get health insurance coverage, even with pre-existing condition.

All new plans will include coverage for essential health benefits.

These are a
comprehensive package of benefits including preventive services, maternity and
newborn care, and emergency services.

Based on income, health insurance coverage assistance could be available.

The Health Insurance Marketplace - where open enrollment applications will be
filled out - will offer price comparison on plans and benefits from different
health insurance companies.

Where to go for health insurance coverage

You can enroll in a plan on the Health Insurance Marketplace at healthcare.gov.

This online shopping website will be available starting in October.

You can buy a plan directly from a health insurance company or from a broker who
may represent several insurers.

You can enroll in an employer-sponsored plan if your employer offers group
coverage.

You may be able to qualify for a low-cost or free government plan, such as
Medicaid or the Children's Health Insurance Program.

Tips to get ready for health care reform

Stay up-to-date by signing up to receive updates about information, products,
and services.

Make a list of questions before you choose your health plan.

For example, "Can I
stay with my current doctor?"

or "Will this plan cover my health costs when I'm
traveling?"

Learn the basics of how health insurance works, like what a deductible, an
out-of-pocket maximum, or a copayment is.

Gather basic information about your household income to see if you qualify for
tax credit towards the cost of health insurance coverage.

Decide what you need and set your budget.

Ask your employer about changes to the health insurance plan(s) they might
offer.

Explore your current health insurance choices.

For more information, visit healthcare.gov or bcbsnm.com/health-care-reform.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2013 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        St. Joseph News-Press (Missouri)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

Many Americans still lack health insurance literacy

BYLINE: Jena Sauber, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 711 words


Sept. 06--An ill-fitting health insurance plan can have costly health and
financial consequences, and studies show that many Americans lack an
understanding of health insurance and how to use it to make beneficial
health-care decisions.

"People will come in and think that they have it down, and they really don't,
and then you have people who admittedly just have no idea walking into it," said
Tyler Graff, federally certified marketplace navigator with the Northwest
Missouri Area Agency on Aging.

"Some individuals we help, before the Affordable
Care Act, had not had access to insurance for 20, 25 years or longer.

They come
in and they don't know even the simplest thing, like what a deductible is,
things that a lot of people take for granted."

Studies have shown that many people have low health insurance literacy, the
ability to find and evaluate information about health plans, determine what plan
is best for their needs and how to effectively use the plan once enrolled.

People also often think they know more about health insurance than they actually
do, and less than half of people review a plan's details before signing up for
coverage, according to the American Institutes for Research.

"That does hinder their ability to pick a plan because a lot of times all they
are seeing is the price of the plan," Graff said.

"They want whatever is
cheapest without understanding that that plan, if you actually go and use it, is
actually going to end up costing you more in the long run."

Understanding a health insurance policy can help consumers keep their preferred
caregivers, reduce unexpected medical costs and best utilize a policy for their
care needs, Graff said.

No matter the insurance plan, he encouraged people to do research and not
navigate the process alone, especially if they haven't had insurance recently or
have experienced changes.

By reviewing options, he once helped a couple reduce
their monthly premium and out-of-pocket medical costs from more than $2,000 to
less than $100 a month, Graff said.

"Health insurance is still pretty complicated," said Sophie Stern, deputy
director of the Best Practices Institute at Enroll America.

"It is really
important that people are aware of the resources that are available to them in
the community.

We know that in-person help and making sure that people get the
help they need is absolutely critical."

As of 2014, a total of 33 million people didn't have health insurance, including
many non-citizen immigrants, those in the "Medicaid gap" and young adults
between the ages of 19 and 34.

In 2014, 17.1 percent of all 19- to 25-year-olds
and 18.2 percent of 26- to 34-year-olds were uninsured.

"A lot of people relate health insurance to the elderly or illness," Graff said.

"It can be you are out playing a game of pick-up basketball out at Mo West and
you twist your knee.

That's health insurance.

That's something that, at 21,
could financially hinder you for the rest of your life.

When preparing to select a health insurance plan, Stern recommends people take
stock of their individual situation, including medical needs, anticipated
procedures or medications and provider preferences, as well as a plan's premium
and out-of-pocket costs.

A 2014 American Institutes for Research study found
that only 20 percent of people were able to correctly determine how much they
owe for a routine doctor's visit.

"We don't want people to be surprised when they go to the doctor's office and
have a deductible and copay that's higher than what they were expecting," she
said.

"There really are ways to avoid some of those surprises.

Do your due
diligence during the open enrollment period to make sure you are getting the
plan that meets your needs and budget."

Local assistance can be located through getcoveredamerica.org or by
contacting the Northwest Missouri Area Agency on Aging at 816-724-3310.

They don't understand this either."

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160906-JM-Many-Americans-still-lack-health-insurance
-literacy-0906-20160906

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JM


                      Copyright 2016 St. Joseph News-Press


                              52 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                           February 19, 2013 Tuesday

ABOUT MEDICARE: A new way to buy insurance

BYLINE: David Sayen/For the Times-Standard

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 589 words


When key parts of the health care law take effect in 2014, you'll have a new way
to buy health insurance for yourself, your family or your small business: the
Health Insurance Marketplace.

The Marketplace is designed to help you find
health insurance that fits your budget, with less hassle.

Every health insurance plan in the new Marketplace will offer comprehensive
coverage, from doctors to medications to hospital visits.

You can compare all
your insurance options based on price, benefits, quality and other features that
may be important to you, in plain language that makes sense.

You'll know you're getting a quality health plan at a reasonable price, because
there's nothing buried in the fine print.

When you shop at the Marketplace, all your costs are stated upfront.

So you'll
get a clear picture of what you're paying and what you're getting before you
make a choice.

Under the health care law, you and your family also will have new protections.

Health insurance companies can't refuse to cover you, or charge you more just
because you have a chronic or pre-existing condition.

And they can't charge more
for women than for men.

Here are three things to keep in mind about the Health Insurance Marketplace:

* It's an easier way to shop for health insurance.

The Health Insurance
Marketplace simplifies your search for insurance by gathering all your options
in one place.

One application, one time, and you and your family can explore
every qualified insurance plan in your area -- including any free or low-cost
insurance programs you may qualify for, such as Medi-Cal or the Children's
Health Insurance Program.

* Most people will be able to get a break on costs.

Programs that lower costs
are available for almost everyone.

You may be eligible for a free or low-cost
plan, or a new kind of tax credit that lowers your monthly premiums right away.

New rules and expanded programs mean that even working families can get help
paying for health insurance at the Marketplace.

All health insurance plans in the
Marketplace present their price and benefit information in simple terms you can
understand, so you don't have to guess about your costs.

Starting on Oct. 1, you'll be able to enroll in a health plan through Covered
California.

Detailed information will be available about all the insurance plans
offered in your area.

You can sign up now atwww.CoveredCa.com to get email updates that will let you
know how to get ready to enroll in the plan of your choice.

If you have difficulty finding a plan that meets your needs and budget, there
will be people available to give you personalized help with your choices.

These
helpers aren't associated with any particular plan, and they don't receive any
type of commission, so the help they give you will be completely unbiased.

The Covered California website will offer much more than any health insurance
website you've used before.

Insurance companies will compete for your business
on a level and transparent playing field, with no hidden costs or misleading
fine print.

You'll have more choice, more control and more clout when it comes
to health insurance.

Insurance coverage offered through Covered California takes effect on Jan. 1,
2014.

------

David Sayen is Medicare's regional administrator for California, Arizona,
Hawaii, Nevada, and the Pacific Trust Territories.

You can always get answers to
your Medicare questions by calling 1-800-MEDICARE (1-800-633-4227).

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The Daily Yomiuri

                           January 25, 1997, Saturday

You asked for it

BYLINE: Yomiuri

SECTION: Pg.

9

LENGTH: 251 words


Q: I want to withdraw from the National Health Insurance Plan.

A:Foreigners residing in Japan for a year or more must enroll in the National
Health Insurance Program.

This program includes the Workers' Health Insurance Plan, which covers company
employees and their families, and the National Health Insurance Plan, in which
the local municipal government is the insurer.

In the following cases, you may withdraw from the National Health Insurance Plan
:

* When you return your alien registration certificate and leave Japan.

In this
case, return the certificate to the municipal office where you registered as an
alien.

* When you transfer your alien registration to another city.

Return your
national health insurance certificate to your old municipal office and enroll
with the municipal office in the area to which you have moved.

* When you switch to another plan.

You need to cancel the previous plan by
presenting your new insurance certificate (or a copy of it), along with the old
one, at your municipal office.

Requests to withdraw on the grounds that you either want to join a private
insurance plan or you consider the insurance premium too high will not be
approved.

For further information, contact the national health insurance section of your
ward or city office.

JAPAN HOTLINE's English-speaking telephone counselors are available Monday
through Friday from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.

Dial Service Co. operates the hot line
free of charge.

(03) 3586-0110

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1997 The Daily Yomiuri


                              54 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                          September 26, 2013 Thursday
                             Politifact.com Edition

TED CRUZ SAYS POLICY CHANGE BY UPS LEFT EMPLOYEESê SPOUSES "WITHOUT HEALTH
INSURANCE"

BYLINE: LOUIS JACOBSON

SECTION: POLITIFACT.COM

LENGTH: 683 words


UPS left 15,000 employeesê spouses "without health insurance" and told them to,
"go on an exchange with no employer subsidy."

Ted Cruz on Tuesday, September 24th, 2013 in a Senate floor speech

* * *

THE RULING: FALSE

During his marathon Senate floor speech opposing President Barack Obamaês health
care law, Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, cited an example of an employer cutting back
on health coverage as a result of the law.

Cruz said: "Just a few weeks ago, UPS sent a letter to some 15,000 employees
saying, ïWe are dropping spousal health insurance because of Obamacare.ê That is
15,000 UPS employees who had insurance for their husbands and wives, and
suddenly those husbands and wives are left without health insurance and being
told, ïGo on an exchange with no employer subsidy.ê "

We thought weêd check exactly what UPS, the major package carrier, did with its
health insurance coverage.

Here are the key
elements:

- If a UPS employee is on the companyês plan and their spouse is employed at a
different company that offers health insurance, the spouse will no longer be
eligible for the UPS plan and must purchase insurance from their own employer.

- If a UPS employee is on the companyês plan and their spouse is not employed by
a company that offers health insurance (or isnêt employed at all, or is on a
government plan such as Medicare), then the spouse will remain on the UPS plan.

- The company estimates that of the 77,000 UPS employees who are enrolled in UPS
health insurance, about 33,000 currently have spouses enrolled in the plan.

Of
those, the company estimates that 15,000 current UPS spousal enrollees may have
to take their employerês coverage -- roughly one in five of all enrollees.

- Spouses whose employers offer medical insurance but do not offer prescription
drug coverage or behavioral health benefits will not be allowed to remain on the
UPS plan.

- After the change, if a spouse shifts from being unemployed (and thus eligible
for the UPS plan) to a job with insurance coverage, they must drop the UPS
coverage and take their new employerês coverage.

- Children may remain on the UPS plan.

If both parents have plans from different
companies, the parents can choose which plan will cover their children.

Stepchildren who are children of a spouse being removed from the UPS plan may
remain on the UPS plan.

- The UPS memo specifically cited Obamacare as a factor in its decision:
"Limiting plan eligibility is one way to manage ongoing health care costs.

Ä
This change is consistent with the way many large employers are responding to
the costs associated with the health care reform legislation."

So UPS did change its policy on insuring spouses of employees, a change that
will affect an estimated 15,000 people.

But Cruz is wrong that the UPS spouses
would be "without health insurance" and would have to "go on an exchange with no
employer subsidy."

In reality, the only spouses that would be removed from the UPS plan would be
those that already had an option of purchasing employer coverage.

They wouldnêt
be without health insurance.

They wouldnêt have to go on an Obamacare exchange.

And their employer would be paying part of their premiums.

Our ruling

Cruz said that by dropping spousal health insurance for 15,000 employees, UPS
left employeesê spouses "without health insurance" and told them to, "go on an
exchange with no employer subsidy."

But Cruz ignores that the only spouses being kicked off the UPS plan would be
the ones who already had access to an employer-sponsored plan in their own job.

This means they wouldnêt be "without health insurance" and wouldnêt have to find
coverage on an Obamacare marketplace.

We rate the claim False.

* * *

About this statement:

Published: Thursday, September 26th, 2013 at 5:32 p.m.

Subjects: Families, Health Care

Sources:

Ted Cruz, Senate floor speech, Sept. 24, 2013

UPS, memo on health care changes, accessed Sept. 26, 2013

FactCheck.org, "FactChecking ïPerniciousê Obamacare Claims," Sept. 25, 2013

Written by: Louis Jacobson

Researched by: Louis Jacobson

Edited by: Aaron Sharockman

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2013 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                            April 14, 2010 Wednesday
                              Correction Appended

Student health plan lifts coverage caps;
State, community colleges in one pool

BYLINE: Aaron Nicodemus, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg.

Deval L. Patrick joined college presidents from throughout the state at
Quinsigamond Community College yesterday to announce a plan intended to
significantly improve the quality of health insurance available to students.

The new health insurance plan will eliminate caps for maximum coverage and will
cover the costs of emergency room visits, prescriptions and ambulance trips.

It
will triple the number of doctors that students may visit.

Approximately 11,000 students statewide are currently covered under health
insurance plans offered through the 24 state colleges and universities.

Starting in August, students who attend a state college or community college
will be eligible to enroll in the new health insurance plan, offered by Blue
Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts.

International students attending state and
community colleges will be eligible.

Not eligible for the new plan are students
attending private colleges and universities in the state; out-of-state students
attending state and community colleges (SEE PUBLISHED CORRECTION); and part-time
students.

Students at state colleges currently pay $1,030 for a yearly premium, which
increases by $32 on Aug.1.

Community college students currently pay $823, which
will increase by $37 on Aug.1.

The majority of students who attend the state's institutions of higher learning
are covered under their parents' health insurance plans.

Since 1989, state law
has mandated all higher education students have health insurance.

The health
insurance plan offered to students by state colleges currently limits coverage
to $100,000 per year; limits prescription drug coverage to $5,000 per year; and
forces students to pay 20 percent of the cost for a mental health visit.

Under
the new plan, those coverage caps will disappear, while a mental health visit
will require a $20 co-payment.

The current health insurance rules are slightly different for community college
students.

Their current cap is $50,000 of coverage per year; $5,000 per year cap
for surgeries; $1,500 per year cap for emergency room visits; and $150 charge
per ambulance trip.

Under the new plan, there would be no coverage caps and all
surgeries, ER visits and ambulance trips would be covered.

The new health insurance plan improves students' coverage by about 15 percent,
according to Jon Kingsdale, executive director of the Commonwealth Connector
Authority, the agency created in 2006 to help all the state's residents get
health insurance.

The premium for students will increase by 2 to 4 percent per
year, he said.

The student health insurance plan is funded by student premiums and is not
supplemented by the state, he said.

The improvements came because all 24 state
institutions pooled their students under one plan, he said.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: April 16, 2010



CORRECTION: The following correction was published April 16, 2010:

Out-of-state students who attend state or community colleges are eligible for a
new health insurance plan.

Because of a reporter's error, a story in Wednesday's
Telegram & Gazette incorrectly described out-of-state students' eligibility.

GRAPHIC: CHART
College health benefit enhancements
T&G Staff/STACEY ARSENAULT

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Creston News Advertiser (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 9, 2013 Tuesday

Health-insurance contributions will increase in 2013-14

BYLINE: Kyle Wilson, The Creston News Advertiser, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 474 words


April 09--Union County employees may soon pay more out of pocket for their
health insurance.

County supervisors voted unanimously Monday to increase county employee
contributions by 6.4 percent for health insurance in 2013-14.

It's estimated the
increase will bring in an additional $1,234 annually toward the plan.

"There is no sense insulating people from the reality that health-care costs are
going up," said Dennis Brown, county supervisor.

"Our costs (as a county) are
going up.

I think their costs have to go up, too."

Currently, about 70 employees are on the county's health-insurance program
administered by Bernie Lowe & Associates of Ankeny.

The county has three plans
-- plans B, C and D. There are 10 people on plan B, three on C and the remaining
(57) are on plan D.

That being said, there will be no increase for those employees on plan D -- the
plan with a higher deductible and no employee contribution.

The 6.4 percent
increase only applies to plans B and C.

"I think in time, the way the industry is headed, everyone will have to be
contribute to their health-insurance plan," said Ron Riley, supervisor chairman.

"We're working right now to get everyone, including the union employees, on the
same year and same (health-insurance) plans.

It's a slow process, but eventually
we'd like to consolidate it to one or two plans and have everyone contributing.

I think it's a much more sustainable plan if everyone is contributing."

This 6.4 percent increase applies to not just county courthouse employees, but
also secondary roads and sheriff's office employees.

The increase will officially be announced to employees during open enrollment
later this month.

In other county business Monday:

--New stairs: Paul Boden, county building and grounds director, made the board
and public aware Monday demolition of the front steps to the Union County Law
Enforcement Center (LEC) may begin as early as next week.

When demolition
begins, general foot traffic will be rerouted through the courthouse to the LEC.

--Alliant trees: Doug Jones, county conservation director, said Monday
discounted trees are still available through Alliant Energy Operation ReLeaf --
a residential tree planting program that promotes long-term energy and natural
resource conservation.

For more information on the ReLeaf program see the press release on page
8A of today's paper.

Sandy Hysell, county auditor, said the
reason for the move is one of the supervisors had a prior commitment.

___ (c)2013 the Creston News Advertiser (Creston, Iowa) Visit the Creston News
Advertiser (Creston, Iowa) at www.crestonnewsadvertiser.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130409-IK-Health-insurance
-contributions-will-increase-in-2013-14-0409-20130409

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IK


                   Copyright 2013 The Creston News Advertiser


                              57 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Daily Yomiuri(Tokyo)

                           December 8, 2007 Saturday

Insurance unions, aid societies may foot 110 bil.

yen bill;
Govt plans to use funds for state-run health insurance

BYLINE: Yomiuri

SECTION: Pg.

3

LENGTH: 607 words


The government and ruling coalition parties plan to ask corporate health
insurance unions and mutual aid societies of government employees to contribute
110 billion yen to top up the public funds needed for the government-managed
health insurance for employees of small and midsize companies.

In fiscal 2008, the government plans to reduce by about 110 billion yen the
public funds for government-managed health insurance for employees of small and
midsize companies.

Instead, the government and ruling coalition parties plan to ask corporate
health insurance unions for employees of major companies to contribute about 80
billion yen and mutual aid societies of government employees to fork over about
30 billion yen to the state-run health insurance system.

The plan is part of the government's efforts to cut social security expenditures
by about 220 billion yen in fiscal 2008, in line with reforms approved in fiscal
2006.

However, as the plan will require insurance premiums to be increased by about
5,000 yen, which will be footed equally by employers and employees, for each
union member per year, the health insurance unions vehemently oppose the plan,
making it difficult for the two sides to reach an agreement.

To meet the target of reducing social security expenditures by 220 billion yen,
the Health, Labor and Welfare Ministry has a 100 billion yen reduction plan that
can be implemented by cutting drug prices and promoting the use of generic
drugs.

To make up for the shortage, it plans to reduce the more than 500 billion
yen in public funds it injects into the government-managed health insurance
every year by about 110 billion yen.

There are two types of health insurance unions--individual health insurance
unions established by companies with more than 700 employees, and general unions
with more than 3,000 employees of small and midsize companies from the same
sector, which are jointly managed by the firms.

The government-managed health insurance is designed for employees of small and
midsize companies that do not belong to health insurance unions.

The government and ruling coalition parties said the contributions would be a
financial adjustment between the health insurance unions that have deep pockets,
and the government-managed health insurance, which is in dire straits
financially.

The National Federation of Health Insurance Societies, the central organization
of health insurance unions, opposed the plan, saying the government is trying to
shift the financial burden to corporate policyholders in an impromptu manner.

The federation, which has about 15 million policyholders, believes insurance
premiums must be raised by an average of 5,000 yen a year if it is to contribute
80 billion yen to the public coffers.

If the federation decides to make the contributions, health insurance unions
with robust finances will not have to increase premium rates because they can
use the reserve funds for emergency payouts.

However, unions in financial
difficulties will have little option but to raise premium rates.

Government employees taking out policies from mutual aid societies also will
have to shoulder a higher burden.

With the graying society pushing up social security expenditures by about 800
billion yen a year, Health, Labor and Welfare Minister Yoichi Masuzoe said
government controls on social security expenses had reached their limit.

Taking into consideration the opposition of the national federation, the
government and ruling coalition parties plan to make the contributions a
one-year temporary measure for fiscal 2008 only.

They will hold talks with the federation about contributions after fiscal 2009.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Yomiuri Shimbun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                               September 16, 2007

Accounting for your healthcare

SECTION: THE MARKET

LENGTH: 1313 words


Budgeting for illness and injury will help keep you and your wallet in shape.

This year has certainly been a turbulent year for private health insurance
provision in Ireland - and it's not over yet.

Bupa Ireland retreated and was taken over by the Quinn Group, and the
Competition Authority, Health Insurance Authority and Barrington reports
recommended major changes to the private health insurance system in Ireland.

The September 1 premium increase from VHI are reminders that more than two
million health insurance members need to look carefully at what cover they have
- and what they're paying for it.

Although the premium rates for health insurance in Ireland are increasing at
levels in excess of normal inflation, the benefits available are also being
increased by insurers.

Competition between the three main insurers has benefited the health insurance
purchaser by ensuring that, when one insurer increases benefit levels, the
others tend to follow.

Indeed, with more than 200 different choices of health insurance plans on offer
and ever-increasing premiums, the benefits of stepping back and reviewing the
choices you make have never been greater.

Private health insurance in Ireland also benefits from 20 per cent tax relief on
the full cost of the plan, regardless of the premium paid or a person's
earnings.

Premium rates

Over the past ten years, private health insurance premiums have, on average,
almost trebled, and this trend is set to continue - certainly in the
short-to-medium term.

On September 1, VHI increased premiums by an average of 8.5 per cent across its
range of plans.

We can expect Vivas Health to announce a similar increase early
next month, with Quinn Healthcare possibly following suit in January.

This means it is really important for those considering purchasing or renewing
their private health insurance to spend time deciding on the level of cover they
want and the premium they are prepared to pay.

According to a Health Insurance Authority report last January on competition in
the private health insurance market, the share market last September was divided
as follows: VHI 75 per cent, Bupa Ireland (Quinn Healthcare) 22.2 per cent and
Vivas Health, 2.8 per cent.

VHI remains the most dominant player, with more than 1.57 million members.

Its
most popular plan is Plan B.

Plans on offer from Quinn Healthcare and Vivas
Health match that as closely as possible.

V HI Plan B is similar to Quinn Healthcare Essential Plus and Vivas Health 'I'
or 'We' level 2.

Based on current premiums, a family of two adults and two children could expect
to pay &euro;2,266.46 for VHI Plan B, &euro;1,780.48 for Quinn Healthcare
Essential Plus and &euro;1,775.63 for Vivas Health We plan level 2.

The clear difference between the market leader and the two challengers is likely
to affect the choice made by people joining health insurance plans for the first
time.

However, there is no point in making a change based merely on these headline
figures.

The decision about who provides your basic insurance plan is the
fundamental one.

Some people have the basic state cover, no more.

More than half the population
(52 per cent) has opted for private health insurance, and most have opted for
core plans from the three main insurers.

Considerations

Before buying private health insurance or reviewing your existing level of cover
or provider, consider the following points to allow you to make an informed
choice of cover that suits your needs:

* Do you understand the cover on offer from your existing plan or from the plan
you are considering?

* What level of premium can you afford?

* Do you have any specific medical needs that would warrant a specific level of
cover?

* What is your current status - single, married, with children?

Look at what you need and what you can afford to pay for.

Consider who is to be
covered and the possibility of medical or hospital care being required.

In a family, individuals can have different risk profiles.

For example, is
maternity cover needed?

Are children playing contact sports more likely to crack
ribs or break limbs?

Consider family medical
history and lifestyles.

For instance, the likelihood of requiring cardiac
surgery can be affected by inherited factors, and some plans do not cover the
top level of cardiac care.

Finally, a person who holds a medical card - on age or medical grounds - has
different needs in insurance terms, and should take a different approach.

Changing cover or provider

Under the 1994 Health Insurance Act, all registered insurers must accept members
from other registered insurers and give them credit for time spent with the
other insurer.

This means that you will be no worse off in terms of waiting periods if you move
from one insurer to another.

The main waiting periods are:

* 26-104 week (depending on age) normal waiting period

* 52-week maternity waiting period

* 5-10 year (depending on age) pre-existing rule

All registered insurers impose a ''five-year, pre-existing'' illness rule for
conditions present before you buy health insurance for the first time.

However, if you have been a member of VHI for the last ten years and decide to
move to a new plan with Quinn Healthcare, they will accept you as if you have
been ten years insured with them, and no additional waiting periods are imposed.

If, after two years' insurance with Quinn Healthcare, you move back to VHI,
provided you have had no break in cover, you will be accepted back as if you had
never left.

The only waiting period rule that could catch you out is the 'upgrade' rule that
insurers can impose.

If you transfer to a new insurer or policy (even with same
insurer) with benefits superior to your old plan, you may be required to wait
two years if under 60 or five years if over 60 before the additional benefits
become available.

But don't get over-excited by special offers.

Health insurance should not be
bought or sold like packets of soap.

Look at the costs over many years.

Where products are bundled together - like motor, house and health insurance -
make sure that each policy matches your specific needs.

Don't accept any policy
on the basis that 'it will do'.

Each must match your needs, especially health
insurance.

New breed of plans

Traditionally, private health insurance plans tended to provide excellent cover
for hospitalisation and very poor cover for day-to-day outpatient expenses, such
as visits to a GP or physiotherapist.

Statistically, more people will require outpatient type care than will require
hospitalisation and, if patients are encouraged to see their GP or get regular
screening, they - and the insurer - will benefit, as illnesses will be detected
earlier, and ultimately people will be treated in a more cost-effective manner.

To this end, every insurer has devised specific plans that provide excellent
hospital cover with a guaranteed level of day-to-day outpatient cover.

These
allow people with regular outpatient expenses, such as those with young
families, to choose a plan with that specific cover.

VHI's Life Stage plans (such as First Plan Plus or Family Plan Plus), Quinn
Healthcare plans (Health Manager and Family/ Personal care) and Vivas Health's
Day-to-Day plans bought as an add-on to an existing 'Me', 'I'or 'We' level plan
are proving popular with new and existing clients.

These plans provide a guaranteed refund of a wide range of day-to-day outpatient
expenses, without having to exceed a high yearly excess.

Most such plans only
impose a &euro;1 yearly excess.

When you consider that tax relief is allowed at a person's marginal rate for a
wide range of medical expenses not covered by health insurance, then the
shortfall in what a person must pay and what they can claim back (from insurer
and state) is narrowing considerably.

Aongus Loughlin is head of healthcare and risk consulting at benefits
consultants Watson Wyatt (Ireland)

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday

New York: University Continuing to Study Health Insurance Options for Graduate
Student Employees

LENGTH: 535  words

DATELINE: Albany


Syracuse University, The State of New York has issued the following News
release:

Current graduate students are scheduled to be phased into the new policy for the
start of the 2016-17 academic year, in approximately 17 months.

Dean of the
Graduate School Ben Ware today indicated that all graduate assistants will be
allowed to remain on the University-sponsored employee health insurance plan
until such time that a smooth transition is determined.

This decision was
communicated in a letter to the Graduate Student Organization (GSO) from Ware
and Senior Vice President and Dean of Student Affairs Rebecca Reed Kantrowitz.

"University leadership met this week and decided all graduate assistants will be
allowed to remain on the University-sponsored employee health insurance plan
until a transition to the student health insurance plan is deemed agreeable by
representatives of both the GSO and the University administration," says Dean
Ware.

"We would like to work with graduate student leadership on an
implementation strategy that meets the health insurance needs of our entire
graduate student population, not only those who are eligible for the employee
plan because of their assistantships."

To aid this effort, the GSO and the University have agreed to form a new
"Student Health Insurance Benefits Group," comprised of staff with expertise in
health insurance, communications and health services, to work with graduate
students to review the best options for graduate student employees.

Graduate
students are also invited to serve on any one of the seven working teams charged
with implementation of the new student health insurance policy.

On March 19, the University announced that in accordance with the federal
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 (ACA), the University would
be offering a new student health insurance plan for the 2015-16 academic year
and require that all full-time matriculated students carry some form of
ACA-compliant health insurance by fall of 2016.

The policy change is in line
with best practice and is in place at nearly every other large private college
and research university in the United States.

The new University-sponsored Aetna
student health insurance plan has been designed specifically to meet the needs
of the University's entire student population, including international students
studying here in Syracuse and SU students studying abroad.

Students immediately affected by the new policy who enroll in the
University-sponsored student health insurance plan will have a premium that is
more than $1,000 less for better coverage than the student plan the University
currently offers.

Even those students who are not immediately affected by the
new policy but who enroll in the student health plan will see $175 in annual
savings next year when compared to the current plan.

The annual cost of $1,890
for an individual is far below what's currently available for comparable
coverage through the New York State of Health Marketplace, and students will
have the option of paying the annual premium in installments over the academic
year.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 7, 2015 Tuesday

New York: University Continuing to Study Health Insurance Options for Graduate
Student Employees

LENGTH: 535  words

DATELINE: Albany


Syracuse University, The State of New York has issued the following News
release:

Current graduate students are scheduled to be phased into the new policy for the
start of the 2016-17 academic year, in approximately 17 months.

Dean of the
Graduate School Ben Ware today indicated that all graduate assistants will be
allowed to remain on the University-sponsored employee health insurance plan
until such time that a smooth transition is determined.

This decision was
communicated in a letter to the Graduate Student Organization (GSO) from Ware
and Senior Vice President and Dean of Student Affairs Rebecca Reed Kantrowitz.

"University leadership met this week and decided all graduate assistants will be
allowed to remain on the University-sponsored employee health insurance plan
until a transition to the student health insurance plan is deemed agreeable by
representatives of both the GSO and the University administration," says Dean
Ware.

"We would like to work with graduate student leadership on an
implementation strategy that meets the health insurance needs of our entire
graduate student population, not only those who are eligible for the employee
plan because of their assistantships."

To aid this effort, the GSO and the University have agreed to form a new
"Student Health Insurance Benefits Group," comprised of staff with expertise in
health insurance, communications and health services, to work with graduate
students to review the best options for graduate student employees.

Graduate
students are also invited to serve on any one of the seven working teams charged
with implementation of the new student health insurance policy.

On March 19, the University announced that in accordance with the federal
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 (ACA), the University would
be offering a new student health insurance plan for the 2015-16 academic year
and require that all full-time matriculated students carry some form of
ACA-compliant health insurance by fall of 2016.

The policy change is in line
with best practice and is in place at nearly every other large private college
and research university in the United States.

The new University-sponsored Aetna
student health insurance plan has been designed specifically to meet the needs
of the University's entire student population, including international students
studying here in Syracuse and SU students studying abroad.

Students immediately affected by the new policy who enroll in the
University-sponsored student health insurance plan will have a premium that is
more than $1,000 less for better coverage than the student plan the University
currently offers.

Even those students who are not immediately affected by the
new policy but who enroll in the student health plan will see $175 in annual
savings next year when compared to the current plan.

The annual cost of $1,890
for an individual is far below what's currently available for comparable
coverage through the New York State of Health Marketplace, and students will
have the option of paying the annual premium in installments over the academic
year.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                       October 6, 2014 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Walmart Works with DirectHealth.com to Introduce Comprehensive Health Insurance
Program

LENGTH: 541  words


Oct. 6 -- US-based Walmart issued the following news release:

Recent research proves that more than 60 percent of people have difficulty
understanding their health insurance plan options and nearly 40 percent feel
they picked the wrong plan after enrollment.

To bring transparency and
simplicity to the changing health insurance market, Walmart is working with
DirectHealth.com to launch Healthcare Begins Here, an in-store program designed
to educate customers on health insurance options.

DirectHealth.com, an online
health insurance comparison site which is an independent licensed health
insurance agency, will provide a resource that brings Walmart customers
unprecedented access to health insurance information and enrollment support.

DirectHealth.com also manages relationships with licensed insurance agents,
enabling customers to compare coverage options and enroll in the plan that is
right for them whether that be a Medicare plan or Public Healthcare Exchange
plan through online, phone and in-store services.

"Walmart has long been known for innovation in health and wellness, and we'll
never stop delivering new products and services to the 140 million people who
visit our stores each week," said Labeed Diab, senior vice president and
president, Health & Wellness, Walmart U.S. "For years, our customers have told
us that there is too much complexity when it comes to understanding their health
insurance options.

Healthcare Begins Here addresses that complexity by bringing
clarity and increased choice to the insurance enrollment process through
DirectHealth.com."

Since 2005, Walmart has hosted insurance agents from individual insurers in
stores to answer questions and enroll customers in specific healthcare plans.

Healthcare Begins Here, through DirectHealth.com, takes this offering to the
next level in response to customers who wanted more options to choose from.

For customers over 65:

* DirectHealth.com offers access to more than 1,700 plans from 12 leading
carriers including Aetna, Cigna, Humana, UnitedHealthcare and participating Blue
Cross and Blue Shield companies.

* Customers can compare and enroll in health plans online at DirectHealth.com or
over the phone at 888-383-2111.

* 2,700 Walmart stores will be staffed by independent, licensed health insurance
agents from DirectHealth.com that can help customers enroll in certain health
insurance plans.

Agents can also help provide education and guidance on other
insurance options.

* Enrollment can take place during the Medicare open enrollment period from Oct.
15, 2014 through Dec. 7, 2014.

For customers under 65:

* DirectHealth.com offers access to thousands of Health Exchange plans from more
than 300 leading carriers.

* Customers can compare and enroll in health plans online at DirectHealth.com or
over the phone at 888-327-0388.

2,700 Walmart stores will be staffed by independent, licensed agents from
DirectHealth.com who can help provide education and guidance about health
insurance options.

* The Health Insurance Marketplace open enrollment period takes place from Nov.
15, 2014 to Feb. 15, 2015.

Blue Cross Blue Shield Association is an association of independent Blue Cross
and Blue Shield companies.

12

LENGTH: 614 words


The cost of health insurance has more than doubled since 2009 and could jump
again, according to the Irish Health Insurance Council.

The body, which
comprises all four private health insurers, has warned that the government's
plans to charge private patients the full cost of using public hospital beds
could result in health insurance premiums going up by 30%.

This would force a
further 300,000 to cancel their health insurance, according to the council.

We
look at what health cash plans offer in terms of providing cover.

Health cash plans pay you cash towards the cost of a
wide range of everyday medical treatments such as GP and dentist visits.

They
can be attractive to cash-strapped consumers because they are relatively cheap.

The Hospital Saturday Fund (HSF) has been the dominant provider of cash plans in
Ireland with more than 100,000 customers but new players have entered the market
in recent years.

In 2012 GloHealth became the first mainstream health insurer to
offer cash plans.

Laya Healthcare launched its own range of cash plans last
month.

The HSF's family plans range in cost from (EURO)114 to
(EURO)972 annually.

Depending on the level of cover, you can recoup part or all
of the costs of a range of medical expenses.

You also get personal accident
cover along with entitlements to childbirth and adoption grants.

The HSF's
family plans are not related to how many people are on your policy so children
are covered at no extra cost.

It also has cash plans aimed at individuals which
cost (EURO)156 to (EURO)624 a year.

GloHealth's Hospital Care plans for families cost between (EURO)249.50 and
(EURO)624 while individual plans cost between (EURO)187 and (EURO)468 annually.

Laya Healthcare's family cash plans cost between (EURO)248 and (EURO)550 a year.

Its individual plans range from (EURO)165 to (EURO)325.

Health cash plans are not designed to
meet the costs of hospital treatment.

You can claim cash back for each night
that you have to spend in hospital but this will only go towards covering
out-of-pocket expenses rather than the cost of hospital treatment itself.

Depending on the level of cover, the HSF's family plans pay (EURO)20 to
(EURO)120 for each night you stay in hospital up to 40 nights.

GloHealth's
Hospital Care plans pay (EURO)40 to (EURO)120 per night up to 20 nights.

Laya
Healthcare's schemes pay (EURO)20 to (EURO)40 per night up to 40 nights.

Consultants' fees incurred as part of a hospital stay are not covered.

Cash plans are primarily
intended to help cover routine healthcare costs such as GP visits, dental visits
and optical care.

Health insurance gives you comprehensive medical cover
including fast access to hospitals, treatment and procedures.

Dermot Goode of
Healthinsurancesavings.ie, an adviser, said: "For people who can't afford health
insurance, and want to have something in place that gives refunds on routine
expenses, then cash plans are an option.

If you are buying a cash plan because
you think that it gives you a reduced level of health insurance cover, it
doesn't."

TOP TIPIt can make financial sense to take an excess on your health insurance
policy and use a cash plan to claw this back if you need to pay it.

Health
insurance experts say a small policy excess can reduce your health insurance by
up to 20%.

The cheapest cash plan on the market costs (EURO)9.50 per month and
pays (EURO)20 for each night that you, your spouse or your children spend in
hospital so should cover part, or all of your health insurance policy excess
should you have to pay it.

Mark Channing

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2013 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                       October 6, 2014 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Walmart Works with DirectHealth.com to Introduce Comprehensive Health Insurance
Program

LENGTH: 542  words


Oct. 6 -- US-based Walmart issued the following news release:

Recent research proves that more than 60 percent of people have difficulty
understanding their health insurance plan options and nearly 40 percent feel
they picked the wrong plan after enrollment.

To bring transparency and
simplicity to the changing health insurance market, Walmart is working with
DirectHealth.com to launch Healthcare Begins Here, an in-store program designed
to educate customers on health insurance options.

DirectHealth.com, an online health insurance comparison site which is an
independent licensed health insurance agency, will provide a resource that
brings Walmart customers unprecedented access to health insurance information
and enrollment support.

DirectHealth.com also manages relationships with licensed insurance agents,
enabling customers to compare coverage options and enroll in the plan that is
right for them whether that be a Medicare plan or Public Healthcare Exchange
plan through online, phone and in-store services.

"Walmart has long been known for innovation in health and wellness, and we'll
never stop delivering new products and services to the 140 million people who
visit our stores each week," said Labeed Diab, senior vice president and
president, Health & Wellness, Walmart U.S. "For years, our customers have told
us that there is too much complexity when it comes to understanding their health
insurance options.

Healthcare Begins Here addresses that complexity by bringing
clarity and increased choice to the insurance enrollment process through
DirectHealth.com."

Since 2005, Walmart has hosted insurance agents from individual insurers in
stores to answer questions and enroll customers in specific healthcare plans.

Healthcare Begins Here, through DirectHealth.com, takes this offering to the
next level in response to customers who wanted more options to choose from.

For customers over 65:

* DirectHealth.com offers access to more than 1,700 plans from 12 leading
carriers including Aetna, Cigna, Humana,

UnitedHealthcare and participating Blue Cross and Blue Shield companies.

**

* Customers can compare and enroll in health plans online at DirectHealth.com or
over the phone at 888-383-2111.

*2,700 Walmart stores will be staffed by independent, licensed health insurance
agents from DirectHealth.com that can help customers enroll in certain health
insurance plans.

Agents can also help provide education and guidance on other
insurance options.

* Enrollment can take place during the Medicare open enrollment period from Oct.
15, 2014 through Dec. 7, 2014.

For customers under 65:

* DirectHealth.com offers access to thousands of Health Exchange plans from more
than 300 leading carriers.

* Customers can compare and enroll in health plans online at DirectHealth.com or
over the phone at 888-327-0388.

* 2,700 Walmart stores will be staffed by independent, licensed agents from
DirectHealth.com who can help provide education and guidance about health
insurance options.

* The Health Insurance Marketplace open enrollment period takes place from Nov.
15, 2014 to Feb. 15, 2015.

*Blue Cross Blue Shield Association is an association of independent Blue Cross
and Blue Shield companies.

Source: Walmart

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                            Health Insurance Policy

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: healthinsurance.newsgroupzone.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Health insurance is offered in various forms today.

Traditionally, health
insurance plans were indemnity plans; the insured paid a premium, the physician
provided health care services, the health insurance plan was billed, and the
health insurance plan paid for covered services.

As health care costs became
astronomical, health insurance companies developed different plans that were
aimed at providing quality health care at affordable prices.

Managed health care
became the buzzword for the health insurance industry, and health insurance
plans became more complicated.

Health maintenance organizations, or HMOs, and
preferred provider networks, or PPOs, have largely replaced the traditional
indemnity health plan.

HMOs and PPOs utilize strategies to contain health care
costs.

These health plans are similar in certain ways.

Both HMO and PPO plans
contract with health care providers to provide health care services at reduced
rates for the health insurance plan members.

Typically both plans require the
the member have a primary care provider, or PCP, who serves as a "gateway" to
coordinate care for the member, and all specialty services are accessed by
referral from the PCP.

Both HMOs and PPOs require that certain services and
products, usually the more costly ones, be reviewed by the health insurance
reviewers for prior approval or prior authorization before the service is
rendered.

The health care provider must submit justification for these services
as "medically necessary", and

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              65 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                       March 27, 2012 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Navali & Company: Health Insurance Outlet: Guide for Buying Health Insurance

LENGTH: 397  words


New Delhi, March 27 -- Navali & Company, insurance agency and parent company of
Health Insurance Outlet, educates consumers on what to look for when buying
individual health insurance.

Through our website, www.healthinsuranceoutlet.com,
consumers can click on "Guide For Buying Health Insurance" under the resources
section and learn more about what to look for when buying California health
insurance.

There are many types of California health insurance plans out there.

Here are
the top ten things to look for when buying individual health insurance:

1) Know What Benefits Are Important For Your Family

Once you run the health insurance quotes, you can filter the search results by
price range, deductible range, PPO or HMO, and health insurance carrier.

2) Comparison Shop

When you use our quoting system, we make it easy to drill down to the health
insurance plan that makes sense for you.

3) Know Your Rights

Did you know that in California you have a ten-day free look period?

4) Pick The Right Deductible

Usually, the higher the deductible, the lower the monthly cost for the health
insurance.

5) Know Your Out-of-Pocket Maximum

Each plan has a maximum amount you will be responsible for each calendar year.

These maximums protect you against catastrophic events that may cost millions of
dollars.

Do I need an HSA plan?

Most individual plans are
offered on a PPO basis, which means you can self-refer for your medical
services.

7) Who Needs The Coverage

Health insurance carriers also offer plans for families or children only.

If you
need family coverage, then your monthly cost will definitely be higher.

If you
need coverage for your child because you are already covered, carriers offer
child-only plans that can save you some money.

8) Office Co-Pays

Some plans have a certain allowable amount of visits per year at a certain rate,
and then you have to pay a higher negotiated rate moving forward.

9) Emergency Room and Hospital Coverage

This is the most expensive part of medical costs.

Make sure to look at these
benefits very closely because these will affect your pocket book.

10) Read The Fine Print

If you do not understand a part of the health insurance plan, make sure you read
the full benefit details to learn about all the coverage and cost details.

copyright contify.com

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2012 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Camp Verde Journal (Arizona)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 27, 2013

New way to buy health insurance coming;
GUEST PERSPECTIVE

BYLINE: The Camp Verde Journal staff

LENGTH: 576  words


When key parts of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act take effect in
2014, you'll have a new way to buy health insurance for yourself, your family or
your small business: the Health Insurance Marketplace.

The marketplace is designed to help you find health insurance that fits your
budget, with less hassle.

Every health insurance plan in the new marketplace will offer comprehensive
coverage from doctors to medications to hospital visits.

You can compare all
your insurance options based on price, benefits, quality and other features that
may be important to you, in plain language that makes sense.

You'll know you're getting a quality health plan at a reasonable price, because
there's nothing buried in me fine print.

When you shop at the marketplace, all your costs are stated up front.

So you'll
get a clear picture of what you're paying and what you're getting before you
make a choice.

Under the health care law, you and your family also will have new protections.

Health insurance companies can't refuse to cover you, or charge you more just
because you have a chronic or pre-existing condition.

They also can't charge
more for women than for men.

Here are three things to keep in mind about the Health Insurance Marketplace:

It's an easier way to shop for health insurance.

The Health Insurance
Marketplace simplifies your search for insurance by gathering all your options
in one place.

One application, one time, and you and your family can explore
every qualified insurance plan in your area -- including any free or low-cost
insurance programs you may qualify for, such as Medicaid or the Children's
Health Insurance Program.

Most people will be able to get a break on costs.

Programs that lower costs are
available for almost everyone.

You may be eligible for a free or low-cost plan,
or a new kind of tax credit that lowers your monthly premiums right away.

New
rules and expanded programs mean even working families can get help paying for
health insurance at the marketplace.

All
health insurance plans in the marketplace present their price and benefit
information in simple terms you can understand, so you don't have to guess about
your costs.

Starting on Tuesday, Oct. 1, you'll be able to get detailed information about
all the marketplace plans available in your area.

You'll also be able to enroll
through our website, at www.HealthCare.gov, or by calling a toll-free phone
line.

You can sign up now to get email or text alerts that will let you know how to
get ready to enroll in the plan of your choice.

If you have difficulty finding a plan that meets your needs and budget, there
will be people available to give you personalized help with your choices.

These
helpers aren't associated with any particular plan, and they don't receive any
type of commission, so the help they give you will be completely unbiased.

The marketplace will be much more than any health insurance website you've used
before.

Insurance companies will compete for your business on a level and
transparent playing field, with no hidden costs or misleading fine print.

You'll
have more choice, more control and more clout when it comes to health insurance.

Marketplace coverage starts in January.

David Sayen is Medicare's regional
administrator for Arizona, California, Hawaii, Nevada and the Pacific Trust
Territories.

You can always get answers to your Medicare questions by calling
(800) MEDICARE [(800) 633-4227].

Copyright 2013 The Camp Verde Journal


                              67 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                       Cottonwood Journal Extra (Arizona)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 27, 2013

New way to buy health insurance coming;
GUEST PERSPECTIVE

BYLINE: Cottonwood Journal Extra staff

LENGTH: 576  words


When key parts of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act take effect in
2014, you'll have a new way to buy health insurance for yourself, your family or
your small business: the Health Insurance Marketplace.

The marketplace is designed to help you find health insurance that fits your
budget, with less hassle.

Every health insurance plan in the new marketplace will offer comprehensive
coverage from doctors to medications to hospital visits.

You can compare all
your insurance options based on price, benefits, quality and other features that
may be important to you, in plain language that makes sense.

You'll know you're getting a quality health plan at a reasonable price, because
there's nothing buried in the fine print.

When you shop at the marketplace, all your costs are stated up front.

So you' ll
get a clear picture of what you're paying and what you're getting before you
make a choice.

Under the health care law, you and your family also will have new protections.

Health insurance companies can't refuse to cover you, or charge you more just
because you have a chronic or pre-existing condition.

They also can't charge
more for women than for men.

Here are three things to keep in mind about the Health Insurance Marketplace:

It's an easier way to shop for health insurance.

The Health Insurance
Marketplace simplifies your search for insurance by gathering all your options
in one place.

One application, one time, and you and your family can explore
every qualified insurance plan in your area -- including any free or low-cost
insurance programs you may qualify for, such as Medicaid or the Children's
Health Insurance Program.

Most people will be able to get a break on costs.

Programs that lower costs are
available for almost everyone.

You may be eligible for a free or low-cost plan,
or a new kind of tax credit that lowers your monthly premiums right away.

New
rules and expanded programs mean even working families can get help paying for
health insurance at the marketplace.

All health insurance plans in the
marketplace present their price and benefit information in simple terms you can
understand, so you don't have to guess about your costs.

Starting on Tuesday, Oct. 1, you'll be able to get detailed information about
all the marketplace plans available in your area.

You'll also be able to enroll
through our website, at www.HealthCare.gov, or by calling a toll-free phone
line.

You can sign up now to get email or text alerts that will let you know how to
get ready to enroll in the plan of your choice.

If you have difficulty finding a plan that meets your needs and budget, there
will be people available to give you personalized help with your choices.

These
helpers aren't associated with any particular plan, and they don't receive any
type of commission, so the help they give you will be completely unbiased.

The marketplace will be much more than any health insurance website you've used
before.

Insurance companies will compete for your business on a level and
transparent playing field, with no hidden costs or misleading fine print.

You'll
have more choice, more control and more clout when it comes to health insurance.

Marketplace coverage starts in January.

David Sayen is Medicare's regional administrator for Arizona, California,
Hawaii, Nevada and the Pacific Trust Territories.

You can always get answers to
your Medicare questions by calling (800) MEDICARE [(800) 633-4227].

Copyright 2013 Cottonwood Journal Extra


                              68 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            August 7, 2013 Wednesday

Firms line up for state health insurance marketplace

BYLINE: From staff reports Contra Costa Times

SECTION: BREAKING; Health; News; Business

LENGTH: 322 words


Twelve insurance companies have signed contracts to join the state's newly
created health benefit exchange, the Covered California agency announced
Wednesday.

The state exchange, a consumer health insurance marketplace set up under the
national health care reform act, will open for business in January.

It will
permit consumers to easily comparison shop for health insurance available at
variety of costs and coverage levels.

The health insurance companies will offer coverage in the individual exchange
and six of them will offer plans through the exchange's Small Business Health
Options Program market.

"Covered California and the insurance companies participating in our marketplace
have worked hard to secure these contracts, which will mean affordable health
insurance plans for millions of people who currently have no coverage or whose
coverage is too expensive," said Covered California Executive Director Peter V.
Lee, in a news release.

The following companies will offer plans in Covered California's individual
market:

-- Alameda Alliance for Health

-- Anthem Blue Cross of California

-- Blue Shield of California

-- Chinese Community Health Plan

-- Contra Costa Health Plan

-- Health Net

-- Kaiser Permanente

-- L.A. Care Health Plan

-- Molina Healthcare

-- Sharp Health Plan

-- Valley Health Plan

-- Western Health Advantage

Covered California selected the following health plans to participate in small
business program:

-- Blue Shield of California

-- Chinese Community Health Plan

-- Health Net

-- Kaiser Permanente

-- Sharp Health Plan

-- Western Health Advantage

The signed contracts culminate months of competitive bidding and negotiations,
Covered California said.

Covered California is an independent agency of the state government whose job is
to operate the new market for California's consumers.

It is overseen by a
five-member board appointed by the Governor and the Legislature.

More information is available atwww.CoveredCA.com .

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                    November 15, 2005 Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

City health plan raises costs for retirees

BYLINE: Nick Kotsopoulos; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg.

A1

LENGTH: 718 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


Municipal and public school retirees enrolled in conventional city health
insurance plans will be paying more for their premiums starting Jan. 1, as well
as for office visits and prescription co-payments.

City Manager Michael V. O'Brien said he is implementing the changes in health
insurance reforms being put into place by his administration.

He said his reforms are intended to help put the brakes on the city's
skyrocketing health insurance costs, and align its health plans with trends in
both the public and private industry.

Since 2001, overall city health insurance costs have increased 98 percent, from
$33.4 million to nearly $65.9 million, the manager said.

That increase is 35
percent higher than the statewide average, he added.

"Communities and business are reforming their health insurance benefits to
ensure survival," Mr. O'Brien said.

"Through the collective efforts of city
employees and city retirees to implement new health insurance initiatives, here
in the city of Worcester we are making significant progress in our efforts to
control rising fixed costs and to ensure long-term financial stability."

There are 4,431 retirees enrolled in health insurance plans offered by the city.

Of that total, 2,731 are in Medicare supplement plans.

Mr. O'Brien said those
retirees have been and will continue to pay 25 percent contribution rates, while
the city pays 75 percent.

Meanwhile, the remaining 1,700 retirees are in conventional active health plans,
such as Blue Cross and Blue Shield Blue Choice, Fallon Select and Fallon Direct.

Under those plans, the city picks up the tab for 87 percent of the premiums for
the Blue Cross plan it offers and 90 percent of the premiums for the plans
provided by Fallon.

Mr. O'Brien said the 1,700 retirees covered under conventional health plans will
be transitioned to a new plan design, which will have a higher contribution
rate.

He said change is needed to provide greater consistency within plan design for
all other participants, equity between retirees and employee groups and equity
between retiree groups.

According to Kathleen G. Johnson, the city's acting director of human resources,
those retirees on active employee health insurance plans will see a 3 percent to
4 percent increase in their monthly premium contribution rate, starting Jan. 1.

In addition, co-payments for doctor office visits will increase from $5 to $10,
and prescription drug co-pays will increase from: $5 to $10 (tier 1), $10 to $20
(tier 2) and $10 to $35 (tier 3).

Under the plan, Mr. O'Brien said, the premium rates for the 1,700 retirees on
conventional health plans will still be more affordable than the Medicare
supplement plans.

As an example, the manager said, the Jan. 1 projected monthly premium for the
conventional Blue Cross and Blue Shield point of service plan will be $75.38.

Meanwhile, the retiree monthly contribution rate for the Blue Cross/Blue Choice
Medicare supplement plans is $93.50 for MEDEX and $89.66 for Managed Blue for
Seniors.

"The conventional plan is still more affordable than the Medicare plans," Mr.
O'Brien said.

He added that when the employee contribution rate for health insurance changes
to 20 percent on all active plans on July 1, 2006, it is projected that all
retiree premiums (active and Medicare supplement) will be consistent and
equitable.

Because retirees pay their health insurance premiums one month in advance, they
will see a premium increase in their December retirement check.

To inform retirees about the changes, the city administration sent a letter to
all retirees over the weekend.

Informational sessions have been scheduled, at
which time cost-savings options will be discussed.

Mr. O'Brien said representatives of the health insurance carriers and
MyMedicationAdvisors will be at those sessions to discuss methods for employees
to save on health insurance costs through the use of mail-order prescriptions,
use of generic alternatives and enrolling in flexible spending accounts.

The informational meetings will be held:

Dec. 7 from 1 p.m. to 3 p.m., Saxe Room, Worcester Public Library.

Dec. 14 from 10:30 a.m. to noon, City Council chamber, City Hall.

Dec. 14 from 1 p.m. to 2:30 p.m., City Council chamber, City Hall.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2005 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              70 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                                 July 13, 2014

Government health insurance plan will shut out 1.9 million

SECTION: HOME

LENGTH: 374 words


As many as 1.9 million people are at risk of being permanently frozen out of
health insurance, thanks to the government's new lifetime community rating
system, insurance industry experts have warned.

The government's plans - which are designed to bring young policy holders back
into the market, rebalancing the demographic skew - would see a 2 per cent
annual loading on top of the price of health insurance for anyone who takes out
a policy for the first time after the age of 34.

People who used to have health insurance but let it lapse can avoid additional
charges by taking out a new policy before May 2015.

One of the consequences of the scheme, according to Dermot Goode, Cornmarket's
general manager of health insurance, is that it will permanently freeze out a
large cohort of people who currently can't afford health insurance.

''They have stated there'll be credits for people who had insurance but had to
let it go, Goode said.

For those people ''there is a huge inertia factor and
they will get their insurance before May 1, he said.

''But there's another category of people that I have huge sympathy for, and
that's people who'd love to have insurance but just can't afford it.

If they
can't get on the first rung of the ladder now [with health insurance companies
already slashing prices], they'll find themselves permanently locked out of
health insurance, he said.

That could include a huge chunk of the 2.5 million
people who don't currently have inpatient health insurance policies.

According to figures supplied to The Sunday Business Post by the Health
Insurance Authority (HIA), the statutory regulator of the Irish health insurance
market, just over 2 million people in Ireland had inpatient health insurance
plans at the end of March 2014.

On the basis of the most recent CSO population estimate (of 4.6 million people),
that leaves around 2.5 million without health insurance plans, said Micheal O
Briain, head of regulatory affairs at the HIA.

Around 14 per cent of adults have relinquished their health insurance in recent
years âEUR     roughly 650,000 people.

This would ''indicate that the number of
people who have never been covered by inpatient health insurance plans is
approximately 1.9 million people, O Briain said.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Post Publications Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                      November 1, 2015 Sunday 6:30 AM EST

eHealth Welcomes 2016 Obamacare Open Enrollment Period with New Offerings,
Tools, Resources for Health Insurance Shoppers

LENGTH: 1011  words


Nov. 1 -- Today eHealth, Inc. (NASDAQ: EHTH) (eHealth.com), the nation's first
and largest private online health insurance exchange, marks the beginning of the
Affordable Care Act's nationwide open enrollment period for 2016 by highlighting
its health plan offerings and consumer resources designed to help Americans find
the best coverage for their needs and budget.

"With new plans to choose from, an improved mobile enrollment experience, and a
powerful new drug coverage comparison tool that could save consumers thousands
of dollars, eHealth is making Obamacare easy for the 2016 open enrollment
period," said Bill Shaughnessy, eHealth's President and COO.

"Everyone should
review their coverage options.

Some 2015 plans are going away while others are
raising rates or reducing benefits.

And if you're currently receiving government
subsidies, you may need to get a new estimate for your subsidy eligibility.

Whatever your personal coverage situation is, eHealth wants to help."

The 2016 nationwide open enrollment period under the Affordable Care Act (ACA)
begins on November 1, 2015 and is scheduled to continue through January 31,
2016.

Coverage under new 2016 health insurance plans selected during open
enrollment may begin as early as January 1, 2016, depending on the date when
consumers submit their applications and on the policies of individual insurance
companies.

eHealth is ready to enroll consumers in coverage

eHealth is entering the 2016 open enrollment period ready to enroll individuals
and families in a broad range of ACA-compliant health insurance plans.

eHealth
offers shoppers a mobile-responsive, easy-to-use interface, helpful online tools
and resources, and customer support available through multiple channels.

eHealth offers a broad selection of 2016 health insurance plans

For the ACA's 2016 open enrollment period, eHealth plans to offer access to more
individual and family health insurance plans than any other private online
marketplace.

For unsubsidized consumers in particular, eHealth expects to have
more than 3,800 non-subsidy plans from more than 100 insurance companies across
the country.

Unavailable on government-run exchanges, these non-subsidy major
medical plans meet ACA requirements and can protect consumers from 2016 ACA tax
penalties if they maintain their enrollment through 2016 without a gap of more
than two months.

eHealth makes Obamacare easy for 2016

eHealth's consumer-focused plan comparison and enrollment website provides
consumers with an easy way to find the individual and family health insurance
plans best suited to their needs and budget, and to enroll in coverage online.

In its efforts to continually improve the consumer experience, eHealth has made
hundreds of website enhancements since the close of the 2015 open enrollment
period on February 15, 2015.

Online tools and resources available to consumers
through eHealth include:

* A new drug comparison coverage tool to help shoppers save money based on their
Rx needs.

eHealth's new drug coverage comparison tool will allow consumers to
enter their personal drug regimen and find plans that cover their prescription
drugs most affordably based on data from insurance companies and other sources.

eHealth expects to launch the new tool in a limited release for testing purposes
in November 2015 in California, Texas, Florida, Illinois and Pennsylvania.

eHealth expects to make the tool available in additional states during open
enrollment or later.

* Streamlined plan renewals for existing customers.

Consumers who purchased
their 2015 health insurance plan through eHealth will be able to easily reshop
for new plans if their 2015 health insurance plans are no longer available or
will no longer meet their needs in 2016.

eHealth's website
is now fully mobile-responsive, allowing shoppers to review personalized health
insurance quotes and enroll in the plan of their choice through a mobile device.

* The ability to look up which plans are accepted by specific doctors.

Many
consumers with preferred doctors and hospitals are wary of switching to plans
that may require them to change medical providers.

Based on network information
provided from the insurance companies, eHealth allows consumers to search for
plans accepted by specific primary care physicians or specialists.

* Comparison tools that make it easy to narrow down your choices - Consumers can
save money on health insurance by shopping from a broad selection of plans and
finding the best match for their needs.

eHealth allows shoppers to make detailed
comparisons of up to five plans at a time.

It also allows them to sort their
plan choices based on doctors-in-network, monthly premium, annual deductible,
coinsurance, plan type, metal level, and whether office visits are covered
before or after the deductible.

eHealth offers customer support and resources that make a difference

Health insurance is a complex product and many consumers find the process of
selecting a health plan for themselves or their family stressful and
overwhelming.

eHealth has always put customer support and education front and
center.

For the ACA's 2016 nationwide open enrollment period, eHealth is
offering consumers support and education in the following ways:

* Multiple channels for customer support.

During open enrollment, eHealth plans
to answer questions and help consumers by telephone, email, and online chat
using its staff of licensed insurance agents and knowledgeable representatives.

* eHealth's Customer Resource Center.

Providing health insurance consumers with
access to dozens of educational videos, articles on a broad variety of health
insurance topics, and more, eHealth's Customer Resource Center is designed to
help consumers better understand their options.

* Free health insurance shopping eBook - eHealth's free eBook "3 Steps to
Understanding the Affordable Care Act" has been updated to help consumers
understand the health reform law and how to buy individual or family health
insurance for 2016.

Source: eHealth

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                      Affordable Arizona Health Insurance

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.affordablearizonahealthinsurance.net

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   AffordableArizonaHealthInsurance.net is the online project of Matthew Irons
with Irons Family Insurance a local Arizona health insurance broker.

Combining
the service and security of a local insurance agent with the convenience and
technology of the Internet, AffordableArizonaHealthInsurance.net helps
individuals and small businesses find affordable health insurance and manage
their benefits.

AffordableArizonaHealthInsurance.net makes buying health
insurance easy.

You can learn all about health insurance, get free online health
insurance quotes, compare health plan prices and benefits side-by-side, choose
from a large selection of affordable health insurance plans from leading health
insurance companies, and apply for health insurance online.

We have created a
place where individuals, families, small groups, and students can choose the
health insurance plan that is right for them.

AffordableArizonaHealthInsurance.net offers a wide variety of health plans
including individual and family Arizona health insurance, group health
insurance, HMOs, PPOs, POS, Indemnity plans, short-term health insurance plans,
dental health insurance, and international travel health insurance.

AffordableArizonaHealthInsurance.net works directly with popular health
insurance companies such as HealthNet, Aetna, Humana, Golden Rule, Assurant,
American National, American Community, LifeWise of Arizona, and many others.

By
providing choices for both Arizona health insurance companies and types of Arizo

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              73 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            August 7, 2013 Wednesday

Firms sign up for state health insurance marketplace

BYLINE: From staff reports Contra Costa Times

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; News; Local; Business

LENGTH: 327 words


Twelve insurance companies have signed contracts to join the state's newly
created health benefit exchange, the Covered California agency announced
Wednesday.

The state exchange, a consumer health insurance marketplace set up under the
national health care reform act, will be open for enrollment in October through
the end of March.

It will permit consumers to easily comparison shop for health
insurance available at variety of costs and coverage levels.

The health insurance companies will offer coverage in the individual exchange
and six of them will offer plans through the exchange's Small Business Health
Options Program market.

"Covered California and the insurance companies participating in our marketplace
have worked hard to secure these contracts, which will mean affordable health
insurance plans for millions of people who currently have no coverage or whose
coverage is too expensive," said Covered California Executive Director Peter V.
Lee, in a news release.

The following companies will offer plans in Covered California's individual
market:

-- Alameda Alliance for Health

-- Anthem Blue Cross of California

-- Blue Shield of California

-- Chinese Community Health Plan

-- Contra Costa Health Plan

-- Health Net

-- Kaiser Permanente

-- L.A. Care Health Plan

-- Molina Healthcare

-- Sharp Health Plan

-- Valley Health Plan

-- Western Health Advantage

Covered California selected the following health plans to participate in small
business program:

-- Blue Shield of California

-- Chinese Community Health Plan

-- Health Net

-- Kaiser Permanente

-- Sharp Health Plan

-- Western Health Advantage

The signed contracts culminate months of competitive bidding and negotiations,
Covered California said.

Covered California is an independent agency of the state government whose job is
to operate the new market for California's consumers.

It is overseen by a
five-member board appointed by the Governor and the Legislature.

More information is available atwww.CoveredCA.com .

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Phil Carter/Special to the Sentinel Pediatric dentist Dr. Joshua Taff
talks with patient Keira Eaton, 7, at Dientes Community Dental Care in Santa
Cruz.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            August 7, 2013 Wednesday

Firms sign up for state health insurance marketplace

BYLINE: From staff reports Contra Costa Times

SECTION: BREAKING; Health; News; Business

LENGTH: 327 words


Twelve insurance companies have signed contracts to join the state's newly
created health benefit exchange, the Covered California agency announced
Wednesday.

The state exchange, a consumer health insurance marketplace set up under the
national health care reform act, will be open for enrollment in October through
the end of March.

It will permit consumers to easily comparison shop for health
insurance available at variety of costs and coverage levels.

The health insurance companies will offer coverage in the individual exchange
and six of them will offer plans through the exchange's Small Business Health
Options Program market.

"Covered California and the insurance companies participating in our marketplace
have worked hard to secure these contracts, which will mean affordable health
insurance plans for millions of people who currently have no coverage or whose
coverage is too expensive," said Covered California Executive Director Peter V.
Lee, in a news release.

The following companies will offer plans in Covered California's individual
market:

-- Alameda Alliance for Health

-- Anthem Blue Cross of California

-- Blue Shield of California

-- Chinese Community Health Plan

-- Contra Costa Health Plan

-- Health Net

-- Kaiser Permanente

-- L.A. Care Health Plan

-- Molina Healthcare

-- Sharp Health Plan

-- Valley Health Plan

-- Western Health Advantage

Covered California selected the following health plans to participate in small
business program:

-- Blue Shield of California

-- Chinese Community Health Plan

-- Health Net

-- Kaiser Permanente

-- Sharp Health Plan

-- Western Health Advantage

The signed contracts culminate months of competitive bidding and negotiations,
Covered California said.

Covered California is an independent agency of the state government whose job is
to operate the new market for California's consumers.

It is overseen by a
five-member board appointed by the Governor and the Legislature.

More information is available atwww.CoveredCA.com .

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Phil Carter/Special to the Sentinel Pediatric dentist Dr. Joshua Taff
talks with patient Keira Eaton, 7, at Dientes Community Dental Care in Santa
Cruz.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 12, 2015 Monday

Bobby Jindal's Tax Plan Would End the Employer-Sponsored Health Insurance
Exclusion

LENGTH: 748 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Tax Foundation has issued the following news release:



 Some of the features of Bobby Jindal's recently released tax plan - fewer tax
brackets, ending the estate tax, and eliminating itemized deductions - should be
familiar from other Republican candidates' tax plans.

But a few elements of
Jindal's plan stand out from the rest of the field.

Specifically, Jindal would
significantly change the tax treatment of employer-sponsored health insurance
plans.

Since the 1940s, health insurance benefits provided by employers have not been
subject to federal taxation.

Businesses are able to deduct the cost of health
insurance provided to employees, while employees are not required to report
health insurance benefits as taxable income.

Essentially, this amounts to a tax
subsidy of employer-sponsored health insurance, which many have blamed for
fueling high healthcare costs.

In addition, the exclusion leads to over $200
billion in lost tax revenue every year, one of the most expensive provisions in
the tax code.

During the 2008 campaign, candidate John McCain called for replacing the health
insurance exclusion with a health insurance credit - thereby requiring Americans
to report the value of health insurance benefits as income.

He was attacked for
this proposal by the Obama campaign, who accused him of taxing healthcare
benefits &ldquo;for the first time in history.&rdquo; Two years later, President
Obama would sign into law a tax on healthcare benefits over a certain threshold
- the Cadillac tax - as part of the Affordable Care Act.

While Bobby Jindal has called for repealing the Cadillac tax, his tax plan
would include a provision similar in concept.

According to Jindal's website, his
plan would &ldquo;replace the exclusion for employer-based health insurance with
a standard deduction for health insurance costs whether they are provided by the
employer or purchased by an individual.&rdquo; This means that Americans would
be required to report health benefits as income, but would be able to deduct a
set amount of healthcare benefits every year.

Essentially, employer-provided
health insurance would still be tax-free under a given threshold, and would be
taxed over the threshold - just like the Cadillac tax.

However, this provision of Jindal's plan differs from the Cadillac tax in
several important respects.

While the Cadillac tax imposes a flat rate of 40
percent on the value of employer healthcare plans above a threshold, Jindal's
proposal would impose the rate of whatever tax bracket a household falls into.

In the case of Jindal's plan, insurance plans would likely be subject to a rate
of 25 percent, the top tax bracket that Jindal proposes.

Additionally, Jindal would index the standard deduction for health insurance to
inflation.

In contrast, the Cadillac tax's thresholds are not indexed for
inflation, meaning that more and more healthcare plans will be subject to the
tax with each passing year.

It is unclear whether Jindal would index this
deduction to overall inflation or healthcare inflation (which grows much
faster).

If the deduction were indexed to overall inflation, Jindal's proposal
would also likely apply to an increasing number of plans every year.

Perhaps most importantly, while the Cadillac tax is imposed on businesses,
Jindal would tax individuals on their healthcare benefits.

This would be an
important structural shift in the tax treatment of healthcare: for the first
time, individuals would be required to report the value of their
employer-provided healthcare plans, even if they do not pay taxes on the
majority of it.

This would be an important administrative step towards
understanding who receives tax-preferred employer-sponsored health insurance,
and would make it easier to roll back the tax preference later on.

At least one other presidential candidate has called for changing the tax
treatment of employer-sponsored health insurance: Marco Rubio's healthcare plan
calls for setting the tax preference for health insurance &ldquo;on a glide
path&rdquo; and replacing it with a tax credit for healthcare.

Under sound tax policy, the tax code would treat all forms of labor
compensation equally, including health insurance benefits.

Thus, candidates'
proposals to replace the tax exclusion of employer-sponsored health insurance
with a deduction or credit are a step in the right direction.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 12, 2015 Monday

Bobby Jindal's Tax Plan Would End the Employer-Sponsored Health Insurance
Exclusion

LENGTH: 748 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Tax Foundation has issued the following news release:



 Some of the features of Bobby Jindal's recently released tax plan - fewer tax
brackets, ending the estate tax, and eliminating itemized deductions - should be
familiar from other Republican candidates' tax plans.

But a few elements of
Jindal's plan stand out from the rest of the field.

Specifically, Jindal would
significantly change the tax treatment of employer-sponsored health insurance
plans.

Since the 1940s, health insurance benefits provided by employers have not been
subject to federal taxation.

Businesses are able to deduct the cost of health
insurance provided to employees, while employees are not required to report
health insurance benefits as taxable income.

Essentially, this amounts to a tax
subsidy of employer-sponsored health insurance, which many have blamed for
fueling high healthcare costs.

In addition, the exclusion leads to over $200
billion in lost tax revenue every year, one of the most expensive provisions in
the tax code.

During the 2008 campaign, candidate John McCain called for replacing the health
insurance exclusion with a health insurance credit - thereby requiring Americans
to report the value of health insurance benefits as income.

He was attacked for
this proposal by the Obama campaign, who accused him of taxing healthcare
benefits &ldquo;for the first time in history.&rdquo; Two years later, President
Obama would sign into law a tax on healthcare benefits over a certain threshold
- the Cadillac tax - as part of the Affordable Care Act.

While Bobby Jindal has called for repealing the Cadillac tax, his tax plan
would include a provision similar in concept.

According to Jindal's website, his
plan would &ldquo;replace the exclusion for employer-based health insurance with
a standard deduction for health insurance costs whether they are provided by the
employer or purchased by an individual.&rdquo; This means that Americans would
be required to report health benefits as income, but would be able to deduct a
set amount of healthcare benefits every year.

Essentially, employer-provided
health insurance would still be tax-free under a given threshold, and would be
taxed over the threshold - just like the Cadillac tax.

However, this provision of Jindal's plan differs from the Cadillac tax in
several important respects.

While the Cadillac tax imposes a flat rate of 40
percent on the value of employer healthcare plans above a threshold, Jindal's
proposal would impose the rate of whatever tax bracket a household falls into.

In the case of Jindal's plan, insurance plans would likely be subject to a rate
of 25 percent, the top tax bracket that Jindal proposes.

Additionally, Jindal would index the standard deduction for health insurance to
inflation.

In contrast, the Cadillac tax's thresholds are not indexed for
inflation, meaning that more and more healthcare plans will be subject to the
tax with each passing year.

It is unclear whether Jindal would index this
deduction to overall inflation or healthcare inflation (which grows much
faster).

If the deduction were indexed to overall inflation, Jindal's proposal
would also likely apply to an increasing number of plans every year.

Perhaps most importantly, while the Cadillac tax is imposed on businesses,
Jindal would tax individuals on their healthcare benefits.

This would be an
important structural shift in the tax treatment of healthcare: for the first
time, individuals would be required to report the value of their
employer-provided healthcare plans, even if they do not pay taxes on the
majority of it.

This would be an important administrative step towards
understanding who receives tax-preferred employer-sponsored health insurance,
and would make it easier to roll back the tax preference later on.

At least one other presidential candidate has called for changing the tax
treatment of employer-sponsored health insurance: Marco Rubio's healthcare plan
calls for setting the tax preference for health insurance &ldquo;on a glide
path&rdquo; and replacing it with a tax credit for healthcare.

Under sound tax policy, the tax code would treat all forms of labor
compensation equally, including health insurance benefits.

Thus, candidates'
proposals to replace the tax exclusion of employer-sponsored health insurance
with a deduction or credit are a step in the right direction.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                      Khaleej Times (United Arab Emirates)

                          September 11, 2013 Wednesday

Daman launches 'Care' insurance plan for Dubai and Northern Emirates

LENGTH: 301 words


Daman, the National Health Insurance Company, has launched its new range of
individual health insurance plans designed exclusively for the residents of
Dubai and the Northern Emirates.

The Care Plan, featuring a number of variations, was created to address specific
market demand by offering a range of flexible health insurance plans for
individuals and families with different needs and budgets.

Introduced for the first time in the UAE health insurance industry, the Care
Plan offers a renewal incentive of a guaranteed 5 per cent reduction on premium
rates for each member with a claim-free year.

In addition, the families of two
or more members enrolled in the plan benefit will receive 5 per cent discount on
the overall policy premium.

Daman's Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Michael Bitzer said, "Our analysis of the
market shows a rising demand by families outside Abu Dhabi for greater
flexibility and cost-effective health insurance coverage across the Emirates.

As
the leading health insurance specialists, we are excited to bring these new,
innovative plans for individuals and families in Dubai and the Northern
Emirates."

The Care Plans offer a wide range of existing services, new benefits, new
medical coverage networks and are then sub-divided into tiers: Platinum, Gold,
Silver, Bronze and Chrome.

This allows clients to select the level appropriate
to their health insurance needs and budgets, offering them greater choice and
flexibility.

Daman's Chief Commercial Officer, Dr. Sven Rohte, said, "Purchasing a health
insurance policy has proven to be a wise economical choice for families.

With
our Care Plans, the families enjoy the peace of mind knowing that they won't
have to risk their savings and educational investments should a family member
unexpectedly require an expensive treatment."

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 44


   Copyright 2013 Khaleej Times - Galadari Printing and Publishing Co. L.L.C.

Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             March 7, 2017 Tuesday

Aldermen delay vote on health insurance

BYLINE: By Chacour Koop ckoop@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg.

4

LENGTH: 487 words


Des Plaines aldermen delayed a decision Monday on Mayor Matt Bogusz's plan to
reduce health insurance perks for city council members, setting up a potentially
politically-charged final meeting before voters go to the polls.

Aldermen voted unanimously to defer Bogusz's resolution, which cuts the
lowest-deductible health insurance plans.

Bogusz has repeatedly tried to remove health insurance for city council members.

He's made the pitch part of his re-election campaign, arguing eliminating the
"selfish perk" will root out public servants with improper motivations.

Elected officials contribute 12 percent of premium costs, and the city pays the
remainder.

The health plan costs taxpayers about $90,000 annually.

Two city
unions have agreed to reduce the health insurance plan for members in recent
collective bargaining agreements, and nonunion employees will also no longer
have the plan available Jan. 1, 2018.

Dissenting aldermen argued Bogusz's plan
is yet another example of the mayor attacking fellow elected officials, and they
questioned the timing of the resolution.

"You sit up there and all you want to do is beat up, punch the aldermen because
they get health insurance," 4th Ward Alderman Dick Sayad said to Bogusz.

"I
didn't choose to have health insurance.

Sayad argued aldermen hadn't been given a raise in more than three decades.

Fifth Ward Alderman Jim Brookman, who said he's supportive of removing the
lowest-deductible health insurance, questioned the timing of the mayor's
resolution.

He said city council members had agreed in closed session to wait
until collective bargaining negotiations with other unions are complete.

Brookman said the mayor's comments at a recent campaign debate describing
elected officials who accept health insurance as selfish were unacceptable.

That's how you destroy cooperation," Brookman
said.

Health insurance has been one issue dividing Bogusz and a bloc of aldermen.

A
year ago, Bogusz directed the city staff to remove the six alderman and the city
clerk with city health insurance after attorneys determined an ordinance
authorizing them didn't exist.

Aldermen Sayad, Brookman, Patti Haugeberg, John Robinson, Mike Charewicz and
City Clerk Gloria Ludwig are covered by city health insurance.

Bogusz later vetoed an ordinance allowing elected officials to retain health
insurance, but aldermen voted to override the mayor.

Sixth Ward Alderman Malcolm Chester, who's running against Bogusz in the mayoral
race, questioned the practicality of the resolution.

Chester, who recently tried
to change his health insurance plan with the city, said employees told him he
couldn't move to the lower-deductible plan in the middle of the year.

Bogusz argued the timing is pertinent because alderman had recently approved to
cut the benefit from about half the city's workforce.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              79 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                        May 5, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

HII Simplifies Health Insurance Purchasing with AgileHealthInsurance.com

LENGTH: 715  words


May 5 -- Health Insurance Innovations, Inc. (NASDAQ: HIIQ) (HII), a leading
developer of affordable health plans, today announced its newest line of
business, AgileHealthInsurance.com.

AgileHealthInsurance.com is a pioneering
website that makes it easy for consumers to purchase low-cost alternatives and
supplements to Obamacare health plans.

The website is optimized for an intuitive
online experience and a streamlined application process whether it is accessed
from a computer, tablet, or mobile device.

Health insurance alternatives to Obamacare are especially important now that the
Obamacare Special Enrollment Period for Tax Season ended on April 30th.

Obamacare plans will not be available again, without a qualifying life event,
until the 2016 open enrollment period begins on November 15th and the earliest
that coverage can start for those plans is January 1, 2016.

Unfortunately, many
consumers are unaware of the Obamacare "lock-out" situation.

A recent nationwide
survey by HII demonstrated that only one-out-of-five adults knew when the
enrollment period for Obamacare health plans ended.

As a direct-to-consumer division of HII, AgileHealthInsurance.com was created to
educate people about the benefits of Term Health Insurance and provide a fast
online process for purchasing these plans.

Term Health Insurance is a flexible
and low-cost alternative to COBRA and Obamacare health plans, for individuals
without expensive pre-existing health conditions.

Term Health Insurance can also
provide "bridge coverage" for periods between health plan coverage, such as
during periods of unemployment or during summer months for students.

Term health
plans offer consumers the flexibility to choose health plans with the benefits
that matter most to them and combine these benefits with unrestricted provider
networks that allow them greater choice in the doctors and hospitals they use.

"Consumers face more individual responsibility than ever in their search for
quality health insurance coverage that meets their personal needs while still
fitting their budgets.

AgileHealthInsurance.com offers a marketplace of new and
affordable health insurance options that consumers will not find on
government-run health insurance exchanges," said Bruce Telkamp, CEO of HII's
Consumer Division.

"At AgileHealthInsurance.com, consumers can search for,
compare, and confidently purchase affordable and high-quality Term Health
Insurance plans from multiple insurance companies.

The process is so simple that
consumers can obtain proof-of-insurance in minutes, not weeks."

Bruce Telkamp is the co-founder and CEO of HealthPocket Inc., which was acquired
by HII in July 2014, and also the CEO of HII's Consumer Division.

Mr. Telkamp
had also previously served as HII's Chief Operating Officer but has transitioned
his HII operational responsibilities in Tampa, Florida to other members of the
HII Senior Leadership Team in order to focus on HealthPocket and HII's Consumer
Division businesses, both headquartered in Mountain View, California.

More on HII's Consumer Division

The HII Consumer Division was formed in response to consumers' changing needs in
the post-Obamacare health insurance marketplace.

Our purpose is to streamline
the online health insurance shopping experience by designing consumer-centric
products and technology innovations.

AgileHealthInsurance.com, a division of
HII, and HealthPocket.com, an independent subsidiary of HII, are both
headquartered in Mountain View, California.

More on the Term Health Insurance Market

The Term Health Insurance market offers traditional health benefits for a
defined period of time, from 30 to 364 days in most states.

These policies can
be bought anytime during the year and applicants' health is taken into
consideration during the application approval process.

When comparing premiums
for nonsmoking men and women ages 30, 40, and 50, a February 2015 study
published by AgileHealthInsurance found that Term Health Insurance premiums were
66% less expensive on average than unsubsidized premiums for Obamacare bronze
plans.

All ages saw major pricing advantages in Term Health Insurance.

30
year-old applicants had premium quotes over 70% lower while applicants who were
50 had premium quotes over 50% lower.

Source: Health Insurance Innovations

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                       August 8, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

National Bank of Ukraine Enters into Corporate Voluntary Health Insurance
Agreement with Alfa Insurance

LENGTH: 502  words


Aug. 8 -- The National Bank of Ukraine has signed a corporate voluntary health
insurance agreement with Alfa Insurance PJSC.

This insurance company won a competitive bidding process announced by the NBU in
the spring of 2016.

The following three insurance companies submitted notices of
intent to participate in the  competitive bidding process: Alfa Insurance,
Providna and Kraina.

Alfa Insurance has offered the lowest medical insurance
rates.

The three-year corporate voluntary health insurance agreement entered into force
on 1 August 2016.

The terms of the agreement provide for the following:

* the corporate voluntary health insurance plan  covers up to 3,000 employees;

* the  health insurance premium paid by the NBU per employee amounts to UAH
3,300 for a full year coverage (half the average health insurance premium under
similar corporate health insurance programs);

* The insurance coverage amount (the total amount payable by the insurance
company for covered medical expenses in the event of a medical emergency) is UAH
100,000 per person per year.

* insured medical services are mostly provided by state-run hospitals and
privately-owned hospitals;

* this corporate health insurance plan provides  equal health insurance benefits
and  insurance coverage to all NBU employees ( grade of insurance "Classic"
regardless of the job position they hold).

Health insurance is voluntary, meaning that NBU employees apply to join the
health insurance scheme voluntarily and pay an income and a military tax.

NBU
employees may upgrade their health insurance policies at their own expense.

Currently, nearly 1.500 NBU employees have  joined the  health insurance scheme.

A voluntary health insurance plan is part of the benefit package offered to
employees.

The NBU strives to employ  top-quality professionals to its staff.

The voluntary health insurance scheme is no longer a competitive advantage in
today's labor market  as most employers in the market segment where we compete
for employees provide their employees with health insurance benefits.

With a
health insurance policy, employees have a round-the-clock access to medical
services, which enables them to enjoy flexibility and save time.

In addition,
given the number of employees covered by health insurance, the NBU's annual
expenses on the maintenance of health and recreational institutions located in
Kyiv were 30% higher than the costs of providing health insurance to all
employees working  in all Ukrainian regions,' said Director of the NBU Personnel
Department Mr Roman Borysenko.

In accordance with its transformation strategy, the NBU got rid of its health
and recreational centers last year.

All the medical equipment was donated to the
Ministry of Defense of Ukraine to be used to treat military servicemen.

The
removal of  the  NBU employees from the Civil Service system deprived them of
access to medical services provided by hospitals forming part of the network run
by the State Management of Affairs.

Source: National Bank of Ukraine

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 999 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright 2017 Hoover's Inc., All Rights Reserved

                  Hoover's Company Records - In-depth Records

                                August 23, 2017

                         Golden Rule Insurance Company

                                7440 Woodland Dr
                          Indianapolis,  IN 46278-1719
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 317-297-4123
FAX: 317-297-0908
URL: www.goldenrule.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
HOOVER ID: 99368

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
LEGAL STATUS: Subsidiary

EMPLOYEES:  1,000

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

OFFICER                 TITLE             AGE     SALARY      BONUS TOTAL_COMP
                                                                      ENSATION
Brian Davis             Vice President      -          -          -          -
                        finance
James Gabriel           Vice President      -          -          -          -
                        Actuarial
                        Services
Bill Maclafferty        Assistant Vice      -          -          -          -
                        President And
                        Actuary

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *


   Follow the golden rule and you will find assurance.

Golden Rule Insurance
provides health insurance, health savings accounts, short-term health plans, and
supplemental Medicare insurance for individuals and families.

The company offers
co-pay plans, high-deductible plans, and basic plans, as well as insurance for
the self-employed.

Short-term medical coverage is provided for individuals in
between jobs or working as a seasonal employee.

The company is a subsidiary of
UnitedHealth Group, and its products are sold under the UnitedHealthOne brand.

Operations

   In addition to core health plan offerings, Golden Rule offers ancillary
products include dental, vision, supplemental accident, term life, and critical
illness coverage.

As part of the UnitedHealth family of insurance companies,
some of Golden Rule's products are offered in partnership with affiliated
members of the group.

Through UnitedHealth, Golden Rule members have access to a
provider network of some 800,000 doctors and 6,000 hospitals across the US.

Geographic Reach

   Golden Rule Insurance provides policies in some 40 US states plus Washington,
DC.

Sales and Marketing

   Golden Rule's policies are offered to individuals and families through
independent brokers throughout most of the US.

Strategy

   To enhance product offerings for consumers, in 2012 Golden Rule added its
critical illness coverage plan, which provides cash payouts for members
diagnosed with serious conditions.

In addition, the firm launched a website that
helps members manage their health spending accounts (HSAs).

Company Background

   Golden Rule Insurance was founded in 1940 by Michael and Mary Rooney in the
basement of their Lawrenceville, Illinois, home.

Its principal operations have
been in Indianapolis since the mid-1970s.

The Rooney family managed the company
for 65 years until former chairwoman and CEO Therese Rooney, granddaughter of
the founders, retired in mid-2005 after leading the company for 15 years.

Golden
Rule Insurance sold its financial services division, which includes the life,
annuity, and long-term care businesses, to a unit of OneAmerica Financial
Partners in 2005.

HOOVER INDUSTRIES:

     ·    Insurance Carriers
          ·    HEALTH INSURANCE CARRIERS



* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
524113 - Direct Life Insurance Carriers
SIC CODES:
6311 - Life insurance
6321 - Accident and health insurance
MARKETS:

     ·    Selected Products
     ·
     ·    Catastrophic Health Insurance
     ·    Copay Health Insurance
     ·    Dental Insurance
     ·    Dental Plans
     ·    Family Health Insurance
     ·    Health Insurance
     ·    Health Savings Accounts
     ·    High Deductible Health Insurance
     ·    Individual Health Insurance
     ·    Medical Insurance
     ·    Short Term Health Insurance
     ·    Temporary Health Insurance
     ·    Selected Brands
     ·
     ·    Copay Select
     ·    Dental Premier
     ·    Dental Value
     ·    HSA 100
     ·    HSA 70
     ·    Plan 100
     ·    Plan 80
     ·    Saver 70
     ·    Saver 80
     ·    UnitedHealthOne


COMPETITORS:

     ·    American Republic Insurance
     ·    Kaiser Foundation Health Plan
     ·    Aetna
     ·    Anthem
     ·    Humana
     ·    CIGNA
     ·    Health Net
     ·    Coventry Health Care
     ·    National Health Insurance Company


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: January, 2017

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Deloitte & Touche LLP

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2017


                              82 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            October 1, 2013 Tuesday

Insurance co-ops among options

BYLINE: Erin Murphy TH staff writer emurphy@wcinet.com

SECTION: A; Pg.

3

LENGTH: 538 words


health insurance options By county, these are the companies offering health
insurance in the new marketplaces for tri-state area residents seeking insurance
under the new federal health care law: IOWA Dubuque, Jackson, Clayton, Delaware
counties (3): CoOportunity Health, Coventry Health Care of Iowa, Gundersen
Health Plan WISCONSIN Grant, Crawford counties (3): Dean Health Plan, Gundersen
Health Plan, Health Tradition Health Plan Lafayette County (2): Dean Health Plan
, Group Health Cooperative of South Central Wisconsin Iowa County (3): Dean
Health Plan, Group Health Cooperative of South Central Wisconsin, Unity Health
Plans Insurance Corp. ILLINOIS Jo Daviess County (4): Health Care Service
Corporations, Land of Lincoln Mutual Health Insurance Co., Coventry Health Care,
Health Alliance Medical Plans

As people start shopping today for health insurance on the new marketplaces,
health insurance cooperatives will be among the companies offering plans.

Not unlike co-ops in other

industries - for example, agricultural or electrical co-ops or credit unions -
health insurance co-ops are consumer-owned, nonprofit organizations.

They were included in the new federal health care law in an

effort to create more competition and thus drive down the prices of premiums.

"We are nonprofit, member-governed health insurance carriers that operate for
the benefit solely of the members," said David Lyons, founder and CEO of
CoOportunity Health, which will offer plans to individuals and small businesses
throughout Iowa.

Proponents say that co-op customers benefit from a company that, by law, must
sink its profits back into the product - in the case of health insurance, by
lowering premiums or improving benefits.

"A lot of our members appreciate knowing it is their organization and they
really have a big hand in how we operate, how we are able to provide outreach to
the community at large, especially at historical points in health care like we
are now," said Jeanan Yasiri Moe, chief planning and innovation officer for
Group Health Cooperative of South Central Wisconsin, which offers plans to
residents in Lafayette and Iowa counties.

Jo Daviess County residents also will have a co-op option: Land of Lincoln
Mutual Health Insurance Co.

Some health insurance co-ops, like Group Health, have been around for decades.

Others are newer, created for - and in some cases funded by loans and grants
from - the new federal health care law.

Health insurance co-ops are not without their limitations.

Newer co-ops in
particular cannot promise hospitals high patient volume in return for discounts
the way competitors can, a Kaiser Health News report said, adding that many
co-ops are "renting" provider networks assembled by competitors, which limits
the ability to negotiate.

Lyons said he believes health insurance co-ops will fit in well with other
providers under the new law.

"Health insurance in the past had been about the avoidance of risk.

Health
insurance companies made money by avoiding risk and, therefore, pre-existing
conditions and previous health claims could get you denied insurance or get you
rated far higher than the

average person.

Those have gone away," Lyons said.

"So the focus in the future
is about managing risk."

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 999 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                            WMI - Business Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data.

The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

August 3, 2017

                                AXA Sigorta A.S.

                                Meclis-i Mebusan
                              Istanbul,  FL 34433
                                     Turkey

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

COMPANY OVERVIEW


   AXA Sigorta A.S. (AXA Sigorta) is an insurance company.

The company offers a
range of auto, health and other insurance products.

Its product portfolio
includes motor third party liability insurance, blue casco insurance, navy casco
insurance, complementary health insurance, crystal plans, superb health
insurance, health insurance, eco health insurance, emergency health insurance,
travel health insurance, compulsory earthquake insurance (DASK), third party
liability insurance for physicians and workplace package insurance.

It also
offers retirement and pension plans, annual life insurance, long term life
insurance, engineering insurance, liability and personal accident insurance,
shipping insurance, agricultural insurance and business package insurance.

These
products and services are offered to individuals and corporate clients through a
network of regional offices and regional representatives in Turkey and Turkish
Republic of Northern Cyprus.AXA Sigorta is a subsidiary of AXA SA, a France
based multinational insurance company.

AXA Sigorta is headquartered in Istanbul,
Turkey.

The company reported gross written premium (GWP) of TRY3,065.7 million during
fiscal year 2015 (FY2015), representing a decrease of 0.4% over FY2014.It
reported net earned premium of TRY2,495.3 million in FY2015, a decrease of 5.5%
over FY2014.

BUSINESS DESCRIPTION:



AXA Sigorta A.S (AXA Sigorta) is a provider of life insurance and non-life
insurance products, which include auto insurance, health insurance, life
insurance, retirement plans, pension plans, commercial insurance and home
insurance.

The company serves various needs of individuals, small- or
medium-sized business, large corporations in the fields of personal protection,
insurance, savings and estate planning.

AXA Sigorta distributes its products and
services through a network of nine regional offices and two regional
representatives in Turkey, and one regional office in Turkish Republic of
Northern Cyprus.

AXA Sigorta is a subsidiary of AXA SA, one of the leading
insurance brands with insurance and asset management business in 64 countries.

It serves around 103 million customers across the world.

The company's operations are classified into five divisions: Vehicle Insurance,
Home Insurance, Health Insurance, Retirement and Life Insurance, and Commercial
and Corporate.

The company, through its Vehicle Insurance division, offers blue motor
insurance, navy blue insurance, password insurance, compulsory traffic
insurance, plus traffic insurance, and investment package insurance.

Under the Home Insurance division, the company provides home insurance, site
package insurance, compulsory earthquake insurance (dask), and my family
insurance.

AXA Sigorta, through its Health Insurance division, offers health insurance,
crystal plans, super health insurance, eco health insurance, emergency health
insurance and overseas travel health insurance.

Under the Retirement and Life Insurance division, the company offers support
pension plan, plus retirement plan, full retirement plan, comfortable pension
plan, annual life insurance, long term life insurance, and personal accident
insurance.

Under the Commercial and Corporate division, the company offers business package
insurance, hotel and holiday package insurance, and petrol station package
insurance.

In addition, AXA Sigorta offers pharmacy package insurance,
engineering insurance, liability and personal accident insurance, shipping
insurance, and agricultural insurance.

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *









LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2017


                              84 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                     January 30, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

HealthMarkets Insurance Agency Announces Launch of Innovative Mobile Quoting
Tool

LENGTH: 484  words


New Delhi, Jan. 30 -- HealthMarkets Insurance Agency ("HealthMarkets"), one of
the nation's largest health insurance agencies, today announced the launch of
its innovative online quoting tool that is one of the first of its kind to be
optimized for mobile-phone browsers.

The new tool, now available at
HealthMarkets.com, provides consumers with real-time quotes representing an
estimate of the premiums for health insurance plans offered on the site, and
includes in that calculation an estimate of any government subsidies that the
consumer may be eligible to receive.

"HealthMarkets is devoted to providing consumers with the most convenient health
insurance shopping experience," said Ken Fasola, President and CEO of
HealthMarkets.

"With consumers increasingly on the go, we believe it is critical
to provide them with the kind of information they need to find affordable health
insurance using their phone, tablet or desktop computer."

Fasola continued, "With a superior online quoting experience at
HealthMarkets.com, customer phone support 24 hours a day, and a dedicated field
force with over 3,000 local health insurance agents, HealthMarkets can provide
the talent and tools necessary to help consumers compare health plans online,
over the phone and face-to-face."

Quoting is available across 44 states with 3,000 health plans from over 120
different insurance companies, enabling HealthMarkets.com to offer one of the
broadest selections of health insurance plans using a private consumer website.

Quotes include an estimated subsidy calculation for eligible consumers based on
the income figures they input so they can obtain more accurate prices on
available qualified health plans.

"This is just one more step we've taken to improve how consumers shop for and
compare health insurance plans.

Across all individual lines of business, we have
sold over 1.1 million policies over the past three years.

With the addition of
the federal Web-Broker Entity (WBE) designation, we intend to provide enhanced
solutions for consumers looking to shop for, and enroll in, subsidy-eligible
health insurance plans," Fasola added.

Purchasing health insurance can be an immensely personal and complex process.

With all of the complexity, HealthMarkets is seeing an increase in demand for
expert advice to offer solutions for consumers who don't want to "go it alone".

By using the services of a licensed health insurance agency such as
HealthMarkets, consumers are guided through the process, better enabling them to
make decisions about the affordable individual health insurance options that
work best for them.

Under the Affordable Care Act (ACA), consumers have until March 31, 2014 to
enroll in a qualified health plan.

HealthMarkets can help consumers enroll in
plans that are on the federal or their state government's health insurance
exchange, in addition to health plans not available on those exchanges.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Jerusalem Post

                             January 2, 2012 Monday

'Many low-earners have extra health insurance'.

Health Ministry reports that
high overhead for Meuhedet and Leumit's supplementary insurance plans comprises
28% of their income.

Deficits second year in row for Maccabi

BYLINE: JUDY SIEGEL

SECTION: NEWS; Pg.

7

LENGTH: 933 words


The overhead costs - on marketing, operation and administration - for supplying
supplementary health insurance comprised 28 percent of all income from members
who hold such extra policies from Kupat Holim Leumit and 25% from Kupat Holim
Meuhedet.

This compares to the more-efficient Maccabi Health Services, 13%, and
Clalit Health Services ,16%.

The statistics were disclosed in a new annual report on supplementary health
insurance compiled by the Health Ministry and an independent accountancy firm
for publication on Monday.

However, the supplementary health insurance plan of Maccabi - the second-largest
public health fund - was found to be in deficit for the second year in a row,
and its managers were instructed by the ministry's deputy director-general, Dr.
Yoel Lipschitz, for supervision of the health funds to reach a balanced budget
in the future.

All four health funds offer their members different types of supplementary
health insurance beyond the basic coverage required as part of the National
Health Insurance Law.

According to the report, in 2010, 73% of residents hold
some supplementary health insurance from their health funds.

The main benefits of paying for supplementary health insurance are operations
not included under the health basket and choosing one's surgeon.

Medications not
in the official basket of health services are not provided under supplementary
health insurance policies.

Fully NIS 865 million, or 38% of the health fund's
supplementary health insurance policy income, went for operations and choice of
surgeons, in private hospitals or public hospitals with legal Sharap [private
medical service] services.

A surprising finding in the report is that fully 60% of those who receive
allotments for disability or old-age with income supplements have supplementary
health insurance.

These holders apparently regard the basic health insurance
coverage as inadequate and want additional coverage for their healthcare.

Until
now it was widely thought that those on the lower rungs of the socioeconomic
scale do not usually take out supplementary health insurance.

Lipschitz told The
Jerusalem Post on Sunday that among the 27% who do not hold supplementary
insurance are an unknown number of wealthy residents who do not need it and
enjoy expensive private health coverage instead.

The report was prepared by Revital Topper-Haver Tov of Lipschitz's office and
Dafna Ravid-Barzily of the Barzilay & Co. accounting firm.

According to the
authors, residents paid NIS 2.878b.

for their supplementary health insurance in
2010 compared to NIS 2.585b.

The average annual payment was NIS 507 in
Clalit, NIS 531 in Maccabi, NIS 532 in Meuhedet and NIS 558 in Leumit.

had supplementary health
insurance from their public health funds in 2010 - a 2.1% increase over the
previous year.

Clalit's supplementary insurance holders grew by a significant
34% in 2010, followed by 9% in Meuhedet, and by 3% each in Maccabi and Leumit.

According to ministry regulations, health fundsâ supplementary health insurance
programs must be balanced; they may not be in deficit, at least over an average
of three or four years in a row, and if they enjoy a surplus, they must plow the
extra funds into their regular healthcare services.

As Maccabi, which had deficits of NIS 21m.

in its supplementary health insurance
in 2010 and NIS 39m.

Asked to comment, Maccabi management said "the report shows that our Maccabi
Zahav plan is the most worthwhile and efficient of all.

Maccabi leads with the
highest percentage of members who take advantage of this plan; 92% of payments
for this return to members for additional treatments and service."

In addition, Maccabi said the charges for this policy are the lowest of the four
in almost every age group.

The health fund added that many holders of its
supplementary health insurance plans use it for extra care for fertility
treatments and ultrasound scans for pregnant women that are not covered by
ordinary health insurance.

Lipschitz instructed Maccabi to increase the efficiency of its supplementary
health insurance plans, examine which services are not widely used and not to
raise its premium without permission.

Maccabi told the ministry it accepted a
three-year plan to cover its deficit.

Only a minority of holders of Meuhedet's top-level (more expensive) Si
supplementary health insurance plan actually received benefits, as the
"benefits" are not practical and not widely used, Lipschitz said.

So if the Si
plan is not made more realistic and attractive, the ministry could force the
health fund to cancel it.

Holders of this policy should check carefully to
determine whether they are getting their money's worth, Lipschitz said.

Meanwhile, Leumit said that on January 1, it expanded its care for preserving
the dental health of children up to 18 if their parents hold Leumit Zahav
supplementary health insurance.

The treatment will be provided at 300 private
dental clinics around the country, as Leumit does not have its own dental clinic
subsidiary.

A copayment of NIS 20 will be charged per child; this Leumit program
offers more options than the plan instituted by the ministry for children up to
the age of 10.

Leumit said its plan has "computerized national objective supervision of the
professionalism of dentists, care and prices" - the ministry's plan is not
supervised by independent authorities outside the ministry.

However, the
ministry gave Leumit approval to launch its new dental program.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: HEALTH MINISTRY Deputy Director-General Dr. Yoel Lipschitz says
Meuhedet's top-level supplementary insurance plan benefits are not practical.

(Credit: Marc Israel Sellem/The Jerusalem Post)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 The Jerusalem Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          The Johnson Pioneer (Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 4, 2014

Health Insurance Smarts: Why The Need For Health Insurance?

BYLINE: The Johnson Pioneer staff

LENGTH: 1104  words


A look at what consumers should consider in selecting a health insurance plan

Purchasing insurance is a major financial decision regardless of need-- life,
home, farm, car and health, as examples.

Just like purchasing insurance for the
motor vehicles you have out on the roads, securing health insurance for yourself
and your family is also required by a law, in this case, by the Affordable Care
Act (ACA).

Roberta Riportella, Kansas Health Foundation professor of community health at
Kansas State University, said not only is securing health insurance mandated,
but by having health insurance, you are protecting yourself against financial
risk and will have easier access to health care coverage if or when you need it.

"By having health insurance, you would be protecting yourself against a
catastrophic event that could lead to financial ruin," Riportella said.

"Medical
expenses are a major cause of bankruptcy.

It is at least worth looking at your (
health insurance) options and what it would actually cost you."

Consumers can obtain health insurance in many ways, she said.

Some will get a
plan through their employer, while others might go through a private insurer or
qualify for Medicare, TRICARE, Veteran's Affairs or KanCare, Kansas' Medicaid
program.

Young adults less than 26 years of age can remain on their parents'
health insurance policies - one of the provisions of the ACA.

Another option is the Kansas Health Insurance Marketplace
(https://www.healthcare.gov/kansas-health-insurance-marketplace/), which opened
Nov. 15 for 2015 coverage, beginning Jan. 1.

You
have until Feb. 15 to sign up for health insurance through the marketplace next
year, though, for coverage to begin March 1.

As long as you are insured by April 1 through any of those options, you will not
face a penalty for being uninsured, Riportella said.

"The law requires that all individuals, including children, be insured for nine
months of every year," Riportella said.

If you were uninsured in 2014, you will face a tax penalty when you
file in April 2015 of either $95 per person or 1 percent of annual household
income above the tax-filing threshold (about $10,000 for an individual),
whichever is greater.

You will face a penalty every year that you continue to be
uninsured, and that penalty will increase."

"If you choose not to enroll in 2015, you will face a tax penalty when you file
in April 2016 of $325 per person or $975 a family, or 2 percent of annual
household income above the tax-filing threshold, whichever is greater," she
added.

Budgeting and financial assistance

Elizabeth Kiss, assistant professor and K-State Research and Extension family
resource management specialist, said it's important to keep in mind that if you
choose to remain uninsured not only will you pay the penalty, but you still will
not have health insurance coverage and will be responsible for 100 percent of
the cost of any medical care you receive.

"Not only does purchasing health insurance have the potential to improve our
health, but with health insurance, families are better able to plan for medical
expenses," Kiss said.

"They can budget for premiums and out-of-pocket expenses
based on the specifics of their plans."

No one can be turned down for health insurance, Riportella said, and no policies
can be cancelled as long as you pay your premium.

A premium is a fixed monthly
expense you pay for your plan regardless whether you use your health insurance.

"Many are eligible for tax subsidies to help pay for premiums, and in some
cases, you can get help paying for the usual co-payments," Riportella said.

Eighty percent of Kan-sans insured in the marketplace are currently benefiting
from tax subsidies, she said.

For example, a family of four with a household
income of less than $95,400 but more than $32,913 qualifies for some assistance.

She recommends those interested in learning more about tax subsidies check out a
Consumers Union tax credit handout
(http://consumersun.ion.org/taxcredit/KS_2015_ Vl.pdf) or an interactive tax
credit tool (https://www.healthtaxcredittool.

If obtaining insurance through the marketplace, log on to www.healthcare.gov.

To
learn more about how to enroll in the marketplace or KanCare, call the
marketplace, available 24 hours, seven days a week, at 800-318-2596.

More information about the ACA in Kansas is available through a K-State Research
and Extension fact sheet (http://ksre.ksu.edu/issuesinhealthreform/).

The Kansas
Health Institute also has resources on its website (http://www.khi.org/).

Take time to choose a health insurance plan

Choosing a health insurance plan can be difficult, when you are trying to make a
decision based largely on unknown health care needs.

This is why consumers
should shop around to find a health insurance plan that best fits them and their
family and review several aspects of insurance policies before making a choice,
said Roberta Riportella, Kansas Health Foundation professor of community health
at Kansas State University.

Since health insurance plans change year to year, she said it is important to
review the details of your renewal contract.

This is true if you are obtaining
insurance from the Kansas Health Insurance Marketplace, your employer or other
provider.

The plans could change on items such as provider networks and
prescription drug coverage, as examples.

Also, different medical situations require more care than others.

Before
examining the benefits in each plan, first understand your current health care
needs, and identify if you're at risk for a particular need within the next
year.

If you are purchasing health insurance in the marketplace, bronze level plans
will likely have the least costly premiums, and silver, gold and platinum plans
will have higher premiums.

"As with anything, you get what you pay for," Riportella said.

"If you pay more
upfront in premiums, you will pay less for each service you use down the road.

You also may get a more complete plan that covers more benefits."

All adults under age 30 could consider catastrophic plans that are also sold in
the marketplace, she said.

"Consumers should be aware that premiums for those (catastrophic) plans could be
higher this year," Riportella said.

"The deductible is often the out-of-pocket
maximum, which is $6,600 for 2015.

Still, expenses for one hospitalization would
likely surpass that."

"Some people over age 30 but in financial hardship might also qualify for a
catastrophic plan," she continued.

"For example, a single person expecting to
make less than $16,105 in 2015 would qualify."

Copyright 2014 The Johnson Pioneer


                              87 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                     The News-Examiner (Montpelier, Idaho)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 7, 2014

The Numbers are in - More than 76,000 Idahoans Sign up for Health Insurance;
Your Health Idaho Saves Idahoans $4.4 Million

BYLINE: The News-Examiner staff

LENGTH: 617  words


BOISE, Idaho - More than 76,000 Idahoans signed up for health insurance through
Your Health Idaho during the state's first open enrollment period.

"We are
excited so many people were able to find a health insurance plan to fit their
needs and the needs of their family," said Amy Dowd, executive director of Your
Health Idaho.

"For the six months of open enrollment, we had In-Person Assisters
and agents and brokers from across the state putting in very long hours to help
people who wanted coverage get signed up.

The latest numbers released by the U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services show in all 76,061 Idahoans selected health insurance plans
through Your Health Idaho.

"During open enrollment, we wanted to make sure we
could meet with as many Idahoans, face to face, as possible to answer their
questions and concerns, while getting them the information they needed to help
understand this issue,' said Dowd.

The Congressional Budget Office wanted to have 40,000 Idahoans select a health
insurance plan through Idaho's health insurance exchange during the first open
enrollment period.

Your Health Idaho exceeded that target by more than 36,000
people.

When people enrolled in health insurance plans sold through Idaho's
health insurance exchange health insurance carriers paid a small assessment fee,
which was built into the price of plans and is put toward the operating costs of
Your Health Idaho.

At the most recent Your Health Idaho Board of Directors
meeting, the Board unanimously voted to keep the assessment fee at 1.5 percent
of a plan's premium.

The federal government collects a 3.5 percent assessment
fee on every health insurance plan sold through federally-facilitated
marketplaces.

Your Health Idaho is committed to keeping assessment fees as low
as possible to save Idahoans money.

With 76,000 Idahoans picking a plan during
Idaho's first open enrollment period, Your Health Idaho saved Idahoans $4.4
million by keeping the state's assessment fee at 1.5 percent in comparison to
the federal assessment fee rate.

That number was calculated using the average
monthly premium rate of $242.

Currently, Your Health Idaho's operating budget
comes from federal grant money but starting January 1, 2016 the organization
will be run using only assessment fees.

Although open enrollment wrapped up at the end of March, Idahoans who experience
significant changes in their lives may qualify for a special enrollment period.

Idahoans who get married, have a baby, adopt a child, go through changes in
employment, move to another state or experience the death of a spouse or child
will be able to sign up for health insurance outside of open enrollment.

Members
of Idaho's five tribes are also able to sign up for health insurance through
Your Health Idaho at any time during the year.

If you want to see if you qualify
to sign up for a health insurance plan outside of open enrollment, call
1-855-YH-Idaho.

Your Health Idaho expects to get a more complete breakdown of the plan selection
number, including age demographics and the metal levels of plans selected from
the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services toward the end of this week.

About Your Health Idaho

Your Health Idaho was established by State law in 2013 to provide an online
marketplace where Idaho families and small businesses can go to compare and
purchase health insurance.

Your Health Idaho is governed by, an 18-member Board
authorized by the Idaho Legislature to set the rules and regulations for
implementing a State-based health insurance exchange.

For more information
please visit www.yournealthidaho.org.

Copyright 2014 The News-Examiner


                              88 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 8, 2015 Wednesday

FLORIDA:Report: State Health Insurance Marketplace Plans Could Help More Smokers
Quit

LENGTH: 556  words

DATELINE: Jacksonville


Association of Lung Florida has issued the following news release:

If your health insurance plan covers quit-smoking treatments, you are more
likely to try to quit and be successful.

A new report from the American Lung
Association, "State Health Insurance Marketplace Plans: New Opportunities to
Help Smokers Quit," finds that the majority of health insurance plans and
policymakers are not taking advantage of the chance to help millions of smokers
quit.

State health insurance marketplace plans are required by the Affordable Care Act
(ACA) to help smokers quit as a free essential health benefit.

However, the
overwhelming majority of state health insurance marketplace plans are not
providing the coverage they should be for smoking cessation.

Millions of
Americans who have enrolled in health insurance marketplace plans should be
provided with free tools to quit smoking, but as the new report shows, fewer
than 20 percent of plan issuers are providing the appropriate coverage.

The report also shows that only 60 plan issuers out of 348 are covering tobacco
cessation medications with no cost-sharing as required in the ACA.

Fewer than
half of the plan issuers list the seven approved cessation medications on their
publicly available drug lists, or formularies.

Only one state, West Virginia,
had all plans in the marketplace covering all tobacco cessation medications.

This is a bright note, but it's important to know that West Virginia has only
one plan issuer selling plans in its marketplace.

What should plans cover?

According to the ACA and federal guidance, all plans should cover a
comprehensive tobacco cessation benefit:

At least four sessions of individual, group and telephone cessation counseling
    All FDA-approved tobacco cessation medications (nicotine patch, gum,
lozenge, nasal spray and inhaler; bupropion and varenicline)
    At least two quit attempts per year
    No cost-sharing, like copays, coinsurance or deductibles
    No prior authorization requirements.

The majority of marketplace plans are not only falling short of the guidelines
set by the federal government, but more importantly, they are also missing a
critical opportunity to help millions of Americans quit smoking.

Evidence also
suggests that smoking rates of people enrolled in marketplace plans are high,
which means that they are missing the chance to offer full cessation benefits to
those who may need it the most.

"Quitting is hard and the Lung Association knows that making sure everyone has
access to all quit smoking medications and counseling is critical to saving
lives," said Harold Wimmer, President and CEO of the American Lung Association.

"Federal and state policy makers must make sure insurance plans are covering a
comprehensive cessation benefit with no-cost sharing.

Not only will it save
lives, but it is also the law.

State and federal policymakers should step in to
ensure plans are following requirements."

Tobacco use is the number-one preventable cause of disease and death in the
United States, and is responsible for almost 500,000 deaths each year.

Tobacco
use costs our country over $289 billion annually in smoking-related healthcare
expenses and lost productivity.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                             Safe Health Insurance

                            45 Jan Court  Suite 165
                                Chico,  CA 95928
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (800) 807-0177
URL: www.safehealthinsurance.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Safe Health Insurance is a leading online health insurance information source
that provides free online health insurance quotes for individual health
insurance, family health insurance, small business health insurance, health
insurance for self employed, health insurance PPOs, health insurance HMOs,
California health insurance, medical insurance, short-term health insurance,
dental insurance, and health insurance for students.

We help people compare
health insurance plans to make sure they are choosing the most affordable health
insurance option.

We make the process of shopping for health insurance easy by
offering free health insurance quotes from all major health insurance carriers
including Anthem Blue Cross, Blue Shield, Blue Cross Blue Shield, Aetna,
HealthNet, Assurant, Celtic, United HealthCare, Pacificare, and many others.

Our
website provides a platform where people can easily compare all health care
plans and health insurance prices.

In addition, we have licensed experts who are
always available to assist you with questions relating to all health insurance
plans and policies.

At Safe Health Insurance, it is our mission to ensure all
Americans have access to valuable information regarding low cost health
insurance plans and have access to affordable health care plans and services.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              90 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         WALL STREET JOURNAL ABSTRACTS

                             June 25, 2004, Friday

WASHINGTON WIRE

SECTION: Section A; Page 4, Column 5

LENGTH: 28 words


Minor Memos: America's Health Insurance Plans official promoting 'financial
security against risk of disability or extended illness' is named Winthrop S
Cashdollar (S)

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  WSJ

              Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              91 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                MintAsia (India)

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

Top up now, move to bigger health insurance later

LENGTH: 1222  words

DATELINE: India


India, Sept. 19 -- As far as health insurance needs go, being covered under the
corporate group plan of your employer or buying a policy for a tiny sum insured
of, say, '1-2 lakh is not enough.

In fact, this is the most common mistake that
people make with health insurance: settle with little cover or one given by the
employer.

Medical costs have skyrocketed and the process to port health
insurance from a corporate plan to an individual plan is not smooth.

"Even as
porting from group plan to individual plans is allowed within the same insurer,
the purpose is defeated because your employer may decide to change insurers and
you will have to start all over again in terms of credits on waiting period,"
said Kapil Mehta, managing director, SecureNow Insurance Broker Pvt.

Ltd. Health insurance policies come with initial waiting periods on specified
ailments and preexisting diseases.

So, when you port your policy, the rules
allow you to port the expired years, thereby reducing the waiting period on the
new policy.

But not everyone can afford to buy sufficient health cover.

For such
individuals, a health insurance top-up plan is an excellent way to increase the
cover while keeping costs in check.

A top-up health insurance plan is a regular
indemnity plan that covers hospitalization costs but only after a threshold
limit is crossed.

In insurance parlance, this limit is called deductible.

A
deductible is that portion of the claim amount that is not covered by the
insurer and has to be paid by the insured person before the benefits of the
policy can kick in.

So, if you already have a health insurance policy or are
covered by your employer, the deductible limit can be paid by the employer's
policy and anything above that limit by the top-up cover.

"For many, a very high
sum insured of, say, '10 lakh, is often not affordable.

Therefore, a better
strategy would be to have a regular health insurance that one can afford and
then take a top-up plan.

Since top-up plans are invoked only when the base cover
is exhausted, they are much cheaper than a regular indemnity cover of a similar
sum insured," said K.K.

Mishra, managing director and chief executive officer,
Tata AIG General Insurance Co. Ltd.

In fact, top-ups in health insurance are
fast becoming popular as many insurers are offering them now.

Some have, in
fact, gone beyond the usual to offer an option of migrating from a top-up plan
to a regular plan.

"Although portability allows a person to port from a high
deductible without any fresh underwriting or loading and regardless of the
claims status," said Antony Jacob, chief executive officer, Apollo Munich Health
Insurance Co. Ltd. Mint Money reviews two such plans that were launched
recently.

Tata AIG MediPlus

This plan by Tata AIG General Insurance Co. Ltd is a basic top-up plan that
covers only "single incidence hospitalization".

In other words, if your hospital
bill exceeds the deductible limit during a single incident of hospitalization,
only then can you make a claim on the top-up plan.

For example, if a person gets
hospitalized and the bill comes to '5 lakh, a basic top-up plan of '3 lakh
deductible and '5 lakh sum insured will pay '2 lakh.

But in a year, if the
person gets hospitalized twice-the first time it costs him '2.5 lakh and '2 lakh
the second time-the top-up plan will not get triggered at all.

Even though the
total bill overshoots the limit of '3 lakh, each instance of hospitalization is
within the deductible limit.

MediPlus offers a fixed sum insured of '5 lakh with
a deductible option of '1 lakh- 5 lakh.

This means, if you choose a deductible
of '1 lakh, then for a single incidence of hospitalization will not cover you
(R) FROM PAGE 27 for the first '1 lakh and will subsequently cover you till '5
lakh.

A value-add in this policy is that if you buy it before the age of 50
years, you can change this policy from a top-up cover to a regular indemnity
cover when you turn 58 up till 60 years of age.

This is called the waiver of
deductible option, which allows you to port to any regular indemnity plan by the
insurer.

In other words, you can port all the waiting periods from the topup
plan to the regular indemnity plan.

However, on porting, you will have to
conform to the new features of the indemnity plan and premiums.

Tata AIG doesn't
offer a floater option, but allows up to seven family members under the same
policy on an individual cover basis.

Apollo Munich Optima Super

This plan by Apollo Munich Health Insurance Co. Ltd is a super top-up or
aggregate claims top-up plan that, unlike a single incidence plan, looks at the
aggregate claim to calculate the deductible.

Being a super top-up, in the
example mentioned before, this plan will pay '1.5 lakh, because two claims of '2
lakh and '2.5 lakh put together crossed the deductible limit of '3 lakh in the
year.

Considering it covers aggregate claims, this is naturally a superior
version.

It also offers a sum insured from '5 lakh-10 lakh with a deductible
limit of '1 lakh going up to '10 lakh.

Even the waiver of deductible option is
slightly more flexible.

It allows an individual to migrate to the insurer's
regular indemnity plan in the sixth policy year, or any time between 55- 60
years, provided the insured bought the policy before turning 50.

Again, the
insured can port all waiting periods but will have to conform to the pricing and
features of the new policy.

"Waiver of deductible is a very good option for
those who are under a group cover.

While in the job, they can use the group
cover to cover the deductible limit and enhance their health insurance cover
through the top-up; on retirement, they can migrate their top-up policy to a
regular plan with full continuity benefits and no fresh underwriting," said
Jacob.

This plan also offers a floater option, which means that the top-up would
kick in if any family member exhausts the deductible limit.

Mint Money take

In terms of premiums, MediPlus is lighter on the pocket.

For example, for a
deductible of '2 lakh and a sum insured of '5 lakh, the annual premium would be
'1,179 for a 35-yearold.

The same would cost '2,309 for Optima Super, but it
offers more flexibility and is an aggregate top-up plan.

"The concept of
allowing individuals to move to a regular health insurance plan is very useful,
especially for those who would have lost their group health insurance cover or
have no cover at all.

But these plans are restrictive as they allow conversion
only after a certain point," said Mehta.

Given that insurers keep innovating,
you may just see some improved versions of this as well.

"Earlier, the market
had top-ups that covered only a single incidence, but gradually the market
changed to offering super top-up covers.

In a year or so, we should see more
super top-up plans that will allow you to move to a regular indemnity plan more
frequently," added Mehta.

If you don't have a health insurance plan or have
negligible cover, you should first buy a regular health insurance policy and
then top it up with these plans, preferably a super topup plan.

Later, you can
always migrate to a more comprehensive health insurance plan.

For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2014 HT Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday

New York: University Continuing to Study Health Insurance Options for Graduate
Student Employees

LENGTH: 535  words

DATELINE: Albany


Syracuse University, The State of New York has issued the following News
release:

Current graduate students are scheduled to be phased into the new policy for the
start of the 2016-17 academic year, in approximately 17 months.

Dean of the
Graduate School Ben Ware today indicated that all graduate assistants will be
allowed to remain on the University-sponsored employee health insurance plan
until such time that a smooth transition is determined.

This decision was
communicated in a letter to the Graduate Student Organization (GSO) from Ware
and Senior Vice President and Dean of Student Affairs Rebecca Reed Kantrowitz.

"University leadership met this week and decided all graduate assistants will be
allowed to remain on the University-sponsored employee health insurance plan
until a transition to the student health insurance plan is deemed agreeable by
representatives of both the GSO and the University administration," says Dean
Ware.

"We would like to work with graduate student leadership on an
implementation strategy that meets the health insurance needs of our entire
graduate student population, not only those who are eligible for the employee
plan because of their assistantships."

To aid this effort, the GSO and the University have agreed to form a new
"Student Health Insurance Benefits Group," comprised of staff with expertise in
health insurance, communications and health services, to work with graduate
students to review the best options for graduate student employees.

Graduate
students are also invited to serve on any one of the seven working teams charged
with implementation of the new student health insurance policy.

On March 19, the University announced that in accordance with the federal
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 (ACA), the University would
be offering a new student health insurance plan for the 2015-16 academic year
and require that all full-time matriculated students carry some form of
ACA-compliant health insurance by fall of 2016.

The policy change is in line
with best practice and is in place at nearly every other large private college
and research university in the United States.

The new University-sponsored Aetna
student health insurance plan has been designed specifically to meet the needs
of the University's entire student population, including international students
studying here in Syracuse and SU students studying abroad.

Students immediately affected by the new policy who enroll in the
University-sponsored student health insurance plan will have a premium that is
more than $1,000 less for better coverage than the student plan the University
currently offers.

Even those students who are not immediately affected by the
new policy but who enroll in the student health plan will see $175 in annual
savings next year when compared to the current plan.

The annual cost of $1,890
for an individual is far below what's currently available for comparable
coverage through the New York State of Health Marketplace, and students will
have the option of paying the annual premium in installments over the academic
year.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 7, 2015 Tuesday

New York: University Continuing to Study Health Insurance Options for Graduate
Student Employees

LENGTH: 535  words

DATELINE: Albany


Syracuse University, The State of New York has issued the following News
release:

Current graduate students are scheduled to be phased into the new policy for the
start of the 2016-17 academic year, in approximately 17 months.

Dean of the
Graduate School Ben Ware today indicated that all graduate assistants will be
allowed to remain on the University-sponsored employee health insurance plan
until such time that a smooth transition is determined.

This decision was
communicated in a letter to the Graduate Student Organization (GSO) from Ware
and Senior Vice President and Dean of Student Affairs Rebecca Reed Kantrowitz.

"University leadership met this week and decided all graduate assistants will be
allowed to remain on the University-sponsored employee health insurance plan
until a transition to the student health insurance plan is deemed agreeable by
representatives of both the GSO and the University administration," says Dean
Ware.

"We would like to work with graduate student leadership on an
implementation strategy that meets the health insurance needs of our entire
graduate student population, not only those who are eligible for the employee
plan because of their assistantships."

To aid this effort, the GSO and the University have agreed to form a new
"Student Health Insurance Benefits Group," comprised of staff with expertise in
health insurance, communications and health services, to work with graduate
students to review the best options for graduate student employees.

Graduate
students are also invited to serve on any one of the seven working teams charged
with implementation of the new student health insurance policy.

On March 19, the University announced that in accordance with the federal
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 (ACA), the University would
be offering a new student health insurance plan for the 2015-16 academic year
and require that all full-time matriculated students carry some form of
ACA-compliant health insurance by fall of 2016.

The policy change is in line
with best practice and is in place at nearly every other large private college
and research university in the United States.

The new University-sponsored Aetna
student health insurance plan has been designed specifically to meet the needs
of the University's entire student population, including international students
studying here in Syracuse and SU students studying abroad.

Students immediately affected by the new policy who enroll in the
University-sponsored student health insurance plan will have a premium that is
more than $1,000 less for better coverage than the student plan the University
currently offers.

Even those students who are not immediately affected by the
new policy but who enroll in the student health plan will see $175 in annual
savings next year when compared to the current plan.

The annual cost of $1,890
for an individual is far below what's currently available for comparable
coverage through the New York State of Health Marketplace, and students will
have the option of paying the annual premium in installments over the academic
year.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 7, 2015 Tuesday

New York: University Continuing to Study Health Insurance Options for Graduate
Student Employees

LENGTH: 535  words

DATELINE: Albany


Syracuse University, The State of New York has issued the following News
release:

Current graduate students are scheduled to be phased into the new policy for the
start of the 2016-17 academic year, in approximately 17 months.

Dean of the
Graduate School Ben Ware today indicated that all graduate assistants will be
allowed to remain on the University-sponsored employee health insurance plan
until such time that a smooth transition is determined.

This decision was
communicated in a letter to the Graduate Student Organization (GSO) from Ware
and Senior Vice President and Dean of Student Affairs Rebecca Reed Kantrowitz.

"University leadership met this week and decided all graduate assistants will be
allowed to remain on the University-sponsored employee health insurance plan
until a transition to the student health insurance plan is deemed agreeable by
representatives of both the GSO and the University administration," says Dean
Ware.

"We would like to work with graduate student leadership on an
implementation strategy that meets the health insurance needs of our entire
graduate student population, not only those who are eligible for the employee
plan because of their assistantships."

To aid this effort, the GSO and the University have agreed to form a new
"Student Health Insurance Benefits Group," comprised of staff with expertise in
health insurance, communications and health services, to work with graduate
students to review the best options for graduate student employees.

Graduate
students are also invited to serve on any one of the seven working teams charged
with implementation of the new student health insurance policy.

On March 19, the University announced that in accordance with the federal
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 (ACA), the University would
be offering a new student health insurance plan for the 2015-16 academic year
and require that all full-time matriculated students carry some form of
ACA-compliant health insurance by fall of 2016.

The policy change is in line
with best practice and is in place at nearly every other large private college
and research university in the United States.

The new University-sponsored Aetna
student health insurance plan has been designed specifically to meet the needs
of the University's entire student population, including international students
studying here in Syracuse and SU students studying abroad.

Students immediately affected by the new policy who enroll in the
University-sponsored student health insurance plan will have a premium that is
more than $1,000 less for better coverage than the student plan the University
currently offers.

Even those students who are not immediately affected by the
new policy but who enroll in the student health plan will see $175 in annual
savings next year when compared to the current plan.

The annual cost of $1,890
for an individual is far below what's currently available for comparable
coverage through the New York State of Health Marketplace, and students will
have the option of paying the annual premium in installments over the academic
year.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Irish Daily Mail

                            October 22, 2013 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

Consumers can still save hundreds of Euro on their health insurance;
ADVERTISING FEATURE ; Visit www.hia.ie for ways to save

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg.

24

LENGTH: 605 words


The Chief Executive of the health insurance regulator, the Health Insurance
Authority (HIA), has said that many Irish consumers can still save hundreds of
euro on their health insurance by visiting the HIA's website (www.hia.ie) or by
telephoning the HIA at Lo call 1850 929 166.

The HIA website can assist consumers in comparing the range of products on offer
from health insurance companies.

The plan comparison tool compares more than 280
plans available from all insurers allowing consumers find the policy that best
meets their requirements while also saving them money.

The Chief Executive of the HIA, Liam Sloyan, has urged people to use the tools
and services available to find the best value health insurance that meets their
needs.

'We estimate that a family can save hundreds of euro annually by picking the
best value plan suitable for their needs.

Many people do not realise that health
insurance providers have a wide range of products that very often provide
broadly similar levels of cover at different prices.

By undertaking a little
research on our website, consumers can avail of substantial savings.'

We also receive thousands of
telephone queries about how to save money.

There has been very positive feedback
from consumers who have reported large annual savings', said Sloyan.

The HIA is also keen to emphasise that, in health insurance, all consumers have
significant rights regardless of their age or health and are entitled to
purchase any health insurance plan they wish.

It is important to be aware of the
right to purchase any plan that you wish because sometimes plans can have names
that make it sound like they are not universally available, but no matter what
the product is called all consumers are entitled to buy it.

The HIA provides information on all insurance plans and presents it in a clear
and customer friendly format that makes it easy to compare different plans.

'In other markets major corporations and bulk buyers can get deals that are not
available to individuals, but in health insurance any product sold to a major
corporation (no matter what the product is called) must be available to
everybody and the adult premium cannot vary by more than 10%.

We have details of all of these products.

So, by logging on to our website or
phoning us, consumers can find the plan that provides the level of cover that
they require at the best price.

These potential savings are available to everybody, regardless of age or state
of health and switching at your renewal date is simple in health insurance',
Sloyan said.

'Some people think that if they are older or if they are ill they must stay with
their current insurer because no other insurer would cover them or because
another insurer may apply additional waiting periods, but this is not the case.

By law, at your renewal date, you can switch your plan or your insurer even if
you are already ill and your insurer may only apply a waiting period in respect
of any extra cover that your new plan has.

So, irrespective of their age or
state of health, consumers can save money by contacting the HIA or by visiting
www.hia.ie' the regulator added.

Under Irish law consumers of private health insurance have many rights.

Make
sure you are aware of your rights, as only then can you maximise the benefits of
your health insurance.

With the help of the HIA, you can be sure of your
options.

For more information on how you can save money on your health insurance, visit
www.hia.ie or call 1850 929 166 / (01) 4060080

Consumers have reported large annual savings

Potential savings are available to everyone

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DML


          Copyright 2013 Irish Daily Mail - Associated Newspapers Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                       March 13, 2012 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

J.D.

Power and Associates Reports: Interest in Health Insurance Exchanges Grows
in Both the Individual and Group Health Insurance Markets

LENGTH: 922  words


New Delhi, March 13 -- Anticipating the impact of healthcare reform, nearly four
in 10 health plan members with employee-sponsored insurance say they would shop
for coverage through a health insurance exchange if they had the opportunity,
according to the J.D.

Now in its sixth year, the study measures member satisfaction among 141 health
plans in 17 regions throughout the United States by examining seven key factors:
coverage and benefits; provider choice; information and communication; claims
processing; statements; customer service; and approval processes.

A majority of health plan members who purchase insurance on their own indicate
they would likely use one of the state health insurance exchanges (55%), which
are conceived, in part, to address their needs.

However, a sizable percentage of
health plan members who are covered under an employer-sponsored program-39
percent-also indicate they would shop for insurance through an exchange if it
were available.

In addition, the 2012 study finds increased levels of interest in
state-sponsored health insurance exchanges, compared with the previous year.

In
2012, only 37 percent of health plan members say they would not be likely to use
an exchange, compared with 50 percent in 2011 who expected to continue obtaining
coverage at work.

"Health insurance exchanges are meant to appeal to individuals who must buy
coverage on their own, yet the level of interest among those who obtain health
insurance at work could have important implications for the future of
employer-sponsored coverage," said Rick Millard, senior director of the
healthcare practice at J.D.

"Satisfaction among some
health plan members may be low enough that an alternative, direct retail model
could become more attractive than traditional wholesale purchasing by
employers."

The study also finds substantial interest among health plan members in private
health insurance exchanges, in which an employer might provide employees with
vouchers for purchasing health insurance independently.

Approximately 41 percent
of employer-insured health plan members indicate they would use this approach if
it were available.

"The private exchange model could further erode reliance on obtaining health
insurance at work," said Millard.

"Creating new channels for purchasing
insurance could trigger more changes.

It could mean more attention will be paid
to direct purchasers, and also make higher levels of satisfaction critically
important for health plans that strive to acquire and retain members."

In 2012, overall member satisfaction averages 702 on a 1,000-point scale,
compared with 696 in 2011.

There are notable gains in the information and
communication; statements; and claims processing factors.

"Health plans that excel in member satisfaction know how to create simpler
benefit designs that members perceive to be consistent and dependable," said
Millard.

"As health insurance exchanges take hold and consumer shopping for
coverage increases, it will become even more critical for plans to communicate
in clear and concise ways."

Health plan members in Michigan, the Illinois/Indiana region and Ohio are the
most satisfied with their health plan experience, while members in the Mountain
region and Colorado are the least satisfied.

Health plans ranking highest in their respective regions are (in alphabetical
order): Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Connecticut; AvMed Health Plans;
Blue Cross Blue Shield of Alabama; Blue Cross Blue Shield of Illinois; Blue
Cross Blue Shield of Kansas City; Blue Cross Blue Shield of Texas; Dean Health
Plan; Geisinger Health Plan; Health Alliance Plan (HAP); Independent Health
Association; Kaiser Foundation Health Plan (which ranks highest California,
Colorado, the Northwest region, the South Atlantic region and the
Virginia-Maryland-Washington D.C., region); Medical Mutual of Ohio; and
SelectHealth.

Power offers the following tips to health plan members and consumers who
are shopping for health insurance coverage:

* Understand your coverage.

Health insurance plans are sometimes difficult to
understand, with complex rules for deductibles, co-payments, and other kinds of
expenses.

If you don't have a clear understanding of the coverage and you have a
choice of plans, opt for the simpler approach.

For example, you may be more
satisfied with fewer options for doctors in order to have coverage with less
complicated costs.

* Before enrolling in a health plan, familiarize yourself with online tools that
may be offered by your insurance company.

Some health plans are set up to offer
online services to track your medical condition, receive prescriptions, make
appointments, or even email your doctor.

* If you obtain health insurance coverage through your employer, be prepared for
fewer choices.

More than one-half of health plan members who receive health
insurance at work are given only one option.

* If you purchase coverage on your own, understand how your state will offer a
health insurance exchange (such as the Massachusetts Connector).

This is a new
feature based on the Affordable Care Act, which is intended to make it easier
for individuals to find affordable coverage.

Member Health Plan Study is based on responses from more than
32,000 members of commercial health plans.

For more comprehensive health plan rankings for all 17
U.S. regions, please visit www.jdpower.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2012 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                        June 23, 2014 Monday 6:30 AM EST

ACA Marketplace Enrollment Solutions: a Twenty-Something's Guide to Health
Insurance

LENGTH: 527  words


June 23 -- With the Affordable Care Act, twenty-somethings now have the
opportunity to remain on their parents' plan until they reach the age of 26.

While this is good news for the struggling grad-students, this also means that
some of you (or most of you) will choose to remain uninformed about health
insurance options until it's absolutely necessary.

If you want to be prepared,
the list below outlines the options available for individuals between the ages
of 18 and 29.

1) Student Health Insurance Plans

Most colleges and universities offer student health insurance plans that you can
keep throughout your time as a student.

These plans typically end when your time
as a student does, so if you've recently graduated, make sure you find out until
when this coverage will last.

2) Employer-Sponsored Health Insurance Plans

If you've recently graduated and started a new job, congratulations!

If you are
a full-time employee, your employer may offer group health insurance coverage
that you can enroll in at your time of hire.

If you have questions about the
company's plan offerings and your eligibility, follow up with a Company HR
Representative.

Under the Affordable Care Act, waiting periods for these plans
cannot last longer than 90 days.

If you need a plan for the 90-day waiting
period, however, see if you can stay on your parents' plan for a few months or
check out option 4 (Short-Term Plans).

3) Marketplace Plans

The new health insurance marketplace offers a one-stop shop for various types of
major medical insurance.

If you lose other coverage (e.g.

you turn 26 and your
parents' plan finally kicks you off, your full-time job becomes a part-time job,
etc.

), you become eligible for a 60-day special enrollment period for plans
offered on the Health Insurance Marketplace in your state of residence.

To
compare the premium (monthly cost), deductible and coinsurance (cost for health
services) and benefits (health services that are covered by the plan), you can
work with an agent (like the ones who work at ACA Marketplace Enrollment
Solutions).

They can even tell you about the special high-deductible
Catastrophic Plan available for people under 30.

These plans usually have lower
monthly premiums, but cover you comprehensively only in the event of a medical
crisis.

4) Short-Term Plans

Although Short-Term Plans are not considered minimum-essential health coverage,
these plans can provide medical coverage for health events that might come up
between coverage periods (e.g.

your parents' plan ends on July 1st and your
employer plan doesn't begin until October 1st).

As the name suggests, these
plans cover you for a short period of time and are typically not renewable after
they expire.

If you are confused about your options and want to know more, ACA Marketplace
Enrollment Solutions has a staff of licensed and certified agents who can walk
you through plan comparison on the Marketplace, explain complex terms like
deductibles and coinsurance, and even send you quotes for short-term plans.

Once
you choose a plan, you can work with your agent and new insurance carrier to
ensure you are using your plan in a way that meets your personal needs.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                                October 3, 2016

Susan Mitchell: Beware of cheap health insurance plans

BYLINE: Susan Mitchell

LENGTH: 466 words



HIGHLIGHT: The cheapest health insurance plans are of little use, and leave
consumers facing unexpected hospital bills


Beware of cheap health insurance plans.

Last year, this newspaper wrote about the proliferation of cheap health
insurance plans that doctors warned were effectively useless.

Many people in Ireland buy health insurance because they fear that the public
health system will not give them the care they may need in a timely fashion.

This is understandable, given the colossal waiting lists that public patients
now face for diagnostic scans and procedures such as hip operations, cardiac
surgery and neurosurgery.

People who buy health insurance also do so for various other reasons.

These
include the ability to pick a consultant of their choosing, attend a hospital of
their choosing, and get cared for in their own hospital room.

Many, if not most, of the cheap plans that have been launched over the past year
provide none of these benefits.

They are being sold for as little as [#x20ac]433 a year, and there are four
plans on the market for less than [#x20ac]500.

Frankly, you might as well flush
your money down the toilet.

Dozens of these plans solely cover treatment in public hospitals.

Patients
mistakenly believe they will receive faster access in public hospitals with
private health insurance.

That is usually not the case, as many hospitals have a common waiting list, and
so patients with health insurance join the same waiting lists as those without
it.

Many other cheap plans require significant co-payments in standalone private
hospitals that can run to hundreds of thousands of euro.

People find themselves
stung for bills they had not expected.

The proliferation of these cheaper plans occurred after the previous government
introduced new rules that meant higher charges would apply to people who are 35
years or more when they first take out health insurance.

The cheap plans were launched in a bid to attract younger customers who wanted
to avoid the 'late levy'.

The cost of health insurance is rising.

Insurers are blaming the last
government's decision to charge a fee for private patients who are in a public
bed in a public hospital.

Analysts are warning that double digit
increases lie ahead.

Some people may be inclined to dumb down to one of these cheaper plans, but you
really need to be spending at least [#x20ac]850 per year (for one adult) to get
a decent policy.

The government has charged the new all-party Dáil committee on the future of
healthcare to come up with a long-term vision for healthcare.

Almost half the population has supplementary private health insurance and many
have purchased insurance out of fear that the public system they are already
paying for won't provide adequate care at their hour of need.

Health insurance and healthcare are inextricably linked in this country.

The
committee also needs to come up with solutions here.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Post Publications Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             National Underwriter,
                    Life & Health/Financial Services Edition

                                 April 19, 2004

Health Insurance Group Goes After Voters

BYLINE: BY ALLISON BELL

SECTION: THE ELECTION; Pg.

7

LENGTH: 680 words


America's Health Insurance Plans intends to play a major role in election season
debates about health care system reform.

The health insurance industry trade group, formed by the recent merger of the
American Association of Health Plans and the Health Insurance Association of
America, is organizing a "voter empowerment" program to help set the debate
agenda.

The program will use paid advertising, direct mail and grassroots lobbying
efforts to encourage voters to demand more substantive debate about health
reform issues, AHIP said.

AHIP is shaping its campaign with data from a survey by Bill McInturff of Public
Opinion Strategies L.L.C., Alexandria, Va.

The survey assessed the views of 800
registered voters in 17 "swing states," or states that appear to be up for grabs
in the presidential campaign.

"The voters want substance, not sound bites," AHIP President Karen Ignagni said
during a press conference held to announce the voter empowerment program and the
survey results.

Conventional wisdom holds that candidates "should keep it simple," but, at least
in the area of health reform, "voters are saying strongly that they want more
details," Ignagni said.

McInturff's survey team found that 43% of the survey participants said the U.S.
health care system "should be reformed" and that 41% said the system "should be
radically changed."

Only 13% said the system should be kept the same.

Only 30% of the participants said the United States ought to adopt a single,
government-run health care program.

More than 60% of the participants said the private sector is better suited to
delivering care when it is needed, assessing new technology, distributing
resources efficiently and using screenings to prevent illnesses before they
occur, McInturff reported at the press conference.

But more than 54% of the participants said the government is better at keeping
health care affordable, and 59% said the government is better at ensuring that
more Americans have access to quality care.

On the campaign trail, Republicans tend to emphasize private-sector solutions,
and Democrats tend to emphasize government solutions, but many voters in the
swing states "see a role for both," McInturff said.

"The parties are more
ideologically pure than the electorate."

AHIP has been trying to build alliances with doctors by supporting medical
malpractice law reform and to reach out to consumer groups by supporting
"incremental efforts" to help the uninsured without squeezing out existing
private health coverage.

When McInturff's researchers asked about medical malpractice reform, 72% of the
swing-state voters said hearing about proposals to reduce trial lawyers' share
of medical malpractice punitive damages would affect their votes.

The researchers also found that 63% of the swing-state voters said malpractice
rules ought to be changed and that 61% said they had not heard enough from
current presidential candidates about reforming the medical malpractice
liability system.

When researchers addressed the topic of incremental reform, by asking voters
whether they preferred to have a single program cover all uninsured U.S.
residents or see the country come up with options targeted at specific groups of
the uninsured, 66% of the swing-state voters said they preferred coming up with
different options for different groups.

Only 30% of the single swing-state voters surveyed said political candidates
were addressing their health care priorities.

The single voters felt more
neglected than any other demographic group included in the survey.

McInturff noted that the influence of health reform concerns on voters'
presidential candidate choices varies with the state of the world.

"Health care drops when Iraq and terrorism are hot," McInturff said.

When the world calms down, voters' interest in health reform pops back up,
McInturff said.

In a survey,43% said the health care system 'should be reformed,' while 41% said
it 'should be radically changed'

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2004 The National Underwriter Company


                              100 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                                 March 15, 2015

Changing medication

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE

LENGTH: 956 words


In the weeks ahead, the health insurance market will be preparing for a major
shake-up with the introduction of new rules that penalise those who delay
entering the market until they are older.

The government's new lifetime community rating system, which aims to bring
younger customers back into the health insurance market, will mean that, from
May 1, higher charges will apply to people who are 35 or more when they first
take out health insurance.

Someone over 35 who takes out health insurance for
the first time after May will face a loading of 2 per cent per year.

Lifetime community rating marks the latest chapter in the almost 60-year history
of the Irish health insurance market, which dates back to the establishment of
the VHI in 1957.

The primary reason for this initiative was to provide a means of insurance
against hospitalisation costs to the 15 per cent of the population who were not
eligible for public hospital services.

At the time, a small proportion of the
population had access to private health insurance through restricted vocational
or employment-based schemes,   explained a 1999 white paper on health insurance,
which carried an introductory note from the then Minister for Health, Brian
Cowen.

Within ten years of its establishment, the VHI had built a significant customer
base, with about 300,000 people on its books.

By 1977 this figure had
increased to over 600,000 persons.

By the end of the 1980s, 1.2 million persons
had private health insurance cover,   the white paper said.

Figures from the Health Insurance Authority (HIA) show that almost 300,000
people have left the market since its peak at the end of 2008, when almost 2.3
million people, or about 53 per cent of the population, were insured.

VHI had a 40-year monopoly on health insurance in Ireland, until the market was
opened to competition with the enactment of the Health Insurance Act in 1994.

However, it was not until 1997 that the first challenger, Bupa, set up shop
here.

Dermot Goode, a health cover analyst at Total Health Cover, said that in the
past    you had VHI Plan A, Plan A Options, Plan B, Plan B Options and so on  .

It was all about price, and very little differentiation.

Today there are more than 300 health insurance products available, with Goode
saying that    competition has gone berserk  .

The market has evolved considerably,   said Anne Frawley, head of healthcare
consulting at Mercer.

When there was only VHI, there were less plans.

However, Goode pointed out that a lot of the plans on the market were    legacy
plans  , and not pushed by insurers.

There's an inertia factor and a fear
factor in the market that stops some people from moving off old, overly
expensive plans,   he said.

Having more plans now is partly because there are four providers (VHI, Aviva,
Laya and Glo), but also because of the growth in the corporate market.

It's hard
to escape proliferation in the health insurance market, Frawley said, when
insurers are developing bespoke plans for employers.

A 2004 OECD report pointed to the growing corporate health insurance market in
Ireland.

While the purchase of private health insurance coverage has
historically been an individual decision, funded largely by individuals and
households, Ireland has a large and growing employer-group coverage market.

In
1997, 80 per cent of premiums were paid by individuals, and 20 per cent by
employers,   the report noted.

Recent figures indicate that 80 per cent of
premiums originated in the group market, which includes employers and other
groups, and 20 per cent in the individual market.

The emergence of a corporate market with bespoke offerings for big employers has
also changed the goal posts on price.

In the past, health insurers typically
offered a group discount for employee schemes.

While some similar offers remain,
as well as discounts for signing up for cover online, the real value for
consumers, analysts say, is often found in plans designed specifically by
insurers for corporate clients.

Consumers can choose to purchase these types of
plan, as health insurers are legally obliged to sell the same products to
everyone.

In a complex market, trying to swim against the tide has proven difficult.

Glo, which launched in 2012 and is the latest entrant to the health insurance
market, tried to keep things simple by unveiling a small number of core plans.

However, a couple of years on, the insurer has a much wider range of plans.

A
simple, stripped back offering was    not the environment they were competing in
, meaning that Glo had to adapt to suit the market, Frawley said.

Given the complexity of the market, it can be a challenge for consumers to get
to grips with what is on offer.

People can struggle to find details
of corporate plans and bespoke plans, but the HIA comparison tool has lifted the
lid somewhat,   she said.

The cost of
health insurance has doubled in the last five years, and that's simply not
sustainable,   Frawley said.

According to Goode, health insurance plans follow a similar life cycle: a plan
is developed and marketed by an insurer, and then when it becomes too dear to be
sustainable, it is replaced, and overtaken by new plans.

That insurer behaviour puts good deals on the market, so in most cases you can
get the exact same - or at least, very similar - cover for less,   he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Post Publications Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              101 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                     February 19, 2015 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

With Obamacare Enrollment Over, Public Often Unaware of Premium Savings on Term
Health Insurance

LENGTH: 400  words


Feb. 19 -- AgileHealthInsurance released the findings today of a study comparing
the average premiums between Term Health Insurance and unsubsidized entry-level
Obamacare health plans.

When comparing premiums for nonsmoking men and women
ages 30, 40, and 50, the study found that Term Health Insurance premiums were
66% less expensive on average than unsubsidized premiums for Obamacare bronze
plans.

All ages saw major pricing advantages in Term Health Insurance.

30
year-old applicants had premium quotes over 70% lower while applicants who were
50 had premium quotes over 50% lower.

The dramatic savings in premiums should be viewed in light of 3 considerations:
1) Obamacare premiums can be significantly reduced for those who qualify for
subsidies, 2) Term Health Insurance premium savings should be adjusted down for
the cost of the fine for not having health insurance compliant with Obamacare
standards, and 3) people with poor health can be rejected for Term Health
Insurance coverage.

The reasons behind the premium differences include the broader mandatory
benefits of Obamacare plans and the lack of coverage for pre-existing conditions
for Term Health Insurance.

An overview of Term Health Insurance and its
differences from Obamacare plans can be found in the article "What Is Term
Health Insurance?"

Despite its pricing advantages, Term Health Insurance is often unfamiliar to
consumers.

A nationwide survey found only 40% of respondents were aware of Term
Health Insurance as an alternative to Obamacare health plans.

A separate survey
found that only 31% of respondents nationwide knew that Term Health Insurance
premiums were less expensive than premiums for entry-level Obamacare plans.

"Consumers who don't qualify for significant Obamacare subsidies or can't get
insurance outside the enrollment period should definitely investigate Term
Health Insurance," said Bruce Telkamp, CEO of AgileHealthInsurance.

"For
millions of people, Term Health Insurance can represent a more affordable option
than Obamacare or a bridge to next year's Obamacare enrollment period."

AgileHealthInsurance is a new and independent subsidiary of Health Insurance
Innovations, Inc. located in Mountain View, CA.

The results of the nationwide
surveys and Term Health Insurance premium study as well as their respective
methodologies can be reviewed at: (AgileHealthInsurance.com).

Source: AgileHealthInsurance

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              102 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 1, 2016 Thursday

Bill status of An Act relating to the reporting of claim information under
certain group health plans

LENGTH: 1634  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boston: General Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts has issue the
following bill status:



  Sponsors:



 Bruce E. Tarr

 Status:



 SECTION 1.

The General Laws as appearing in the 2014 official edition are
hereby amended by inserting after Chapter 111N the following chapter:-



 CHAPTER 111Q



 REPORTING of CLAIM INFORMATION UNDER CERTAIN GROUP HEALTH PLANS



 SECTION 2.

(a) As use in this chapter, unless the context otherwise indicates, the
following terms have the following meanings:



 (1) "Employer" has the meaning assigned by 29 U.S.C.

(2) "Governmental entity" means a state agency or political subdivision of this
state.

(3) "Group health plan" has the meaning assigned by (insert reference to state
definition), except that the term does not include disability income or
long-term care insurance.

(4) "Health insurance issuer" has the meaning assigned by (insert reference to
state definition).

(5) "Plan" means an employee welfare benefit plan as defined by 29 U.S.C.

(7) "Plan sponsor" has the meaning assigned by 29 U.S.C.

(8) "Political subdivision" means a county, municipality, school district,
special-purpose district, or other subdivision of state government that has
jurisdiction limited to a geographic portion of the state.

(9) "Protected health information" has the meaning assigned by 45 C.F.R.

(b) A reference to a federal statute or regulation under Subsection (a) means
that statute or regulation as it existed on September 1, 2007.

(a) In addition to private entities, this chapter applies to a governmental
entity that enters into a contract with a health insurance issuer that results
in the health insurance issuer delivering, issuing for delivery, or renewing a
group health plan.

(b) For purposes of this chapter, a health insurance issuer shall treat a
governmental entity described by Subsection (a) as a plan sponsor or plan
administrator.

(c) A report of claim information provided under this section to a governmental
entity is confidential and exempt from public disclosure under (Insert reference
to State Freedom of Information Law).

(a) Not later than the 21st day after the date a health insurance issuer
receives a written request for a written report of claim information from a
plan, plan sponsor, or plan administrator, the health insurance issuer shall
provide the requesting party the report, subject to Subsections (d), (e), and
(f).

The health insurance issuer is not obligated to provide a report under this
subsection regarding a particular employer or group health plan more than twice
in any 12-month period.

(b) A health insurance issuer shall provide the report of claim information
under Subsection (a):



 (1) in a written report;



 (2) through an electronic file transmitted by secure electronic mail or a file
transfer protocol site; or



 (3) by making the required information available through a secure website or
web portal accessible by the requesting plan, plan sponsor, or plan
administrator.

(c) A report of claim information provided under Subsection (a) must contain
all information available to the health insurance issuer that is responsive to
the request made under Subsection (a), including, subject to Subsections (d),
(e), and (f), protected health information, for the 24-month period preceding
the date of the report or the period specified by Subdivisions (4), (5), and
(6), if applicable, or for the entire period of coverage, whichever period is
shorter.

Subject to Subsections (d), (e), and (f), a report provided under
Subsection (a) must include:



 (1) aggregate paid claims experience by month, including claims experience for
medical, and pharmacy benefits, as applicable;



 (2) total premium paid by month;



 (3) total number of covered employees on a monthly basis by coverage tier,
including whether coverage was for:



 (A) an employee only;



 (B) an employee with dependents only;



 (C) an employee with a spouse only; or



 (D) an employee with a spouse and dependents;



 (4) the total dollar amount of claims pending as of the date of the report;



 (5) a separate description and individual claims report for any individual
whose total paid claims exceed $15,000 during the 12-month period preceding the
date of the report, including the following information related to the claims
for that individual:



 (A) a unique identifying number, characteristic, or code for the individual;



 (B) the amounts paid;



 (C) dates of service; and



 (D) applicable procedure codes and diagnosis codes; and



 (6) for claims that are not part of the report described by Subdivisions
(1)-(5), a statement describing precertification requests for hospital stays of
five days or longer that were made during the 30-day period preceding the date
of the report.

(d) A health insurance issuer may not disclose protected health information in
a report of claim information provided under this section if the health
insurance issuer is prohibited from disclosing that information under another
state or federal law that imposes more stringent privacy restrictions than those
imposed under federal law under the Health Insurance Portability and
Accountability Act of 1996 (Pub.

To withhold information in
accordance with this subsection, the health insurance issuer must:



 (1) notify the plan, plan sponsor, or plan administrator requesting the report
that information is being withheld; and



 (2) provide to the plan, plan sponsor, or plan administrator a list of
categories of claim information that the health insurance issuer has determined
are subject to the more stringent privacy restrictions under another state or
federal law.

(e) A plan sponsor is entitled to receive protected health information under
Subsections (c)(5) and (6) and Section 4 only after an appropriately authorized
representative of the plan sponsor makes to the health insurance issuer a
certification substantially similar to the following certification:



 "I hereby certify that the plan documents comply with the requirements of 45
C.F.R.

Section 164.504(f)(2) and that the plan sponsor will safeguard and limit
the use and disclosure of protected health information that the plan sponsor may
receive from the group health plan to perform the plan administration
functions."

(f) A plan sponsor that does not provide the certification required by
Subsection (e) is not entitled to receive the protected health information
described by Subsections (c)(5) and (6) and Section 4, but is entitled to
receive a report of claim information that includes the information described by
Subsections (c)(1)-(4).

(g) In the case of a request made under Subsection (a) after the date of
termination of coverage, the report must contain all information available to
the health insurance issuer as of the date of the report that is responsive to
the request, including protected health information, and including the
information described by Subsections (c)(1)-(6), for the period described by
Subsection (c) preceding the date of termination of coverage or for the entire
policy period, whichever period is shorter.

Notwithstanding this subsection, the
report may not include the protected health information described by Subsections
(c)(5) and (6) unless a certification has been provided in accordance with
Subsection (e).

(a) On receipt of the report required by Section 3(a), the plan, plan sponsor,
or plan administrator may review the report and, not later than the 30th day
after the date the report is received, may make a written request to the health
insurance issuer for additional information in accordance with this section for
specified individuals.

(b) With respect to a request for additional information concerning specified
individuals for whom claims information has been provided under Section 3, the
health insurance issuer shall provide additional information on the prognosis or
recovery if available and, for individuals in active case management, the most
recent case management information, including any future expected costs and
treatment plan, that relate to the claims for that individual.

(c) The health insurance issuer must respond to the request for additional
information under this section not later than the 15th day after the date of the
request under this section unless the requesting plan, plan sponsor, or plan
administrator agrees to a request for additional time.

(d) The health insurance issuer is not required to produce the report described
by this section unless a certification has been provided in accordance with
Section 3(e).

COMPLIANCE WITH CHAPTER DOES NOT CREATE LIABILITY



 A health insurance issuer that releases information, including protected health
information, in accordance with this chapter has not violated a standard of care
and is not liable for civil damages resulting from, and is not subject to
criminal prosecution for, releasing that information.

A health insurance issuer that does not comply with this chapter is subject to
administrative penalties under Chapter (Insert Reference to State Statute
containing enforcement powers of State Insurance Regulator).

MINIMUM REINSURANCE DEDUCTIBLE



 Any increase in the minimum reinsurance deductible must be approved by the
legislature.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              103 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                       May 24, 2017 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

eHealth Provides Health Insurance Advice for 2017 College Grads with Limited
Health Insurance Options

LENGTH: 1290  words


May 24 -- Today eHealth, Inc. (NASDAQ:EHTH), which operates eHealth.com, a
leading private online health insurance exchange, outlined the challenging
health insurance landscape for this year's college graduates, and provided
shopping advice and insurance product data for would-be shoppers.

Young adults frequently purchase health insurance on their own after leaving
college, though many anticipate becoming eligible for other forms of coverage
(such as employer-based coverage) in the future.

Ongoing voluntary surveys of
eHealth shoppers show an increase every spring/summer (compared to the fall) in
the number of recent college grads under age 24 who expect to only need
individually-purchased coverage for less than a year:

Question: "How long do you expect to need coverage?"

Disclaimer: The table has been omitted (The document can be viewed at
http://ir.ehealthinsurance.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=198312&p=irol-newsArticle&ID=2276
273)

Young men and women graduating from college this year will find themselves in an
unprecedented situation.

Many may have difficulty finding, qualifying for, or
affording self-purchased health insurance - especially with the recent
uncertainty in the health insurance market.

Here's why:

* There are fewer major medical plans available.

Some major insurance companies
have left the individual health insurance market.

In nearly one third of U.S.
counties, college grads may have only one insurance company to choose from for
Obamacare-compliant coverage.

* There are stricter enrollment rules.

In February 2017, the Centers for
Medicare and Medicaid Services issued rules that make it more difficult for
applicants to claim they have experienced a qualifying life event allowing them
to purchase coverage outside of the annual open enrollment period.

* There are new restrictions on short-term health plans.

Short-term health
insurance plans provide a limited but valuable option for those who do not
qualify for or cannot afford major medical coverage, but new rules that took
effect in April 2017 reduced the maximum coverage period for a single policy
from 12 months to three months.

* The cost of major medical coverage continues to increase.

As reported in
eHealth's most recent Price Index Report, the average monthly premium for
individual unsubsidized major medical health insurance increased 18% between
2016 and 2017, or 39% since the 2014 open enrollment period, when major
provisions of Obamacare first took effect.

Top 5 Health Insurance Tips for 2017 College Grads

1.

Mom & Dad's plan - When to say "Thanks but no thanks" - Current law allows
your parents to keep you on the family health insurance plan until your 26th
birthday, and many grads get covered that way.

However, buying coverage on your
own may make more sense if you live in a different city without access to the
network providers for your parents' plan or if you can save money by purchasing
coverage for yourself that better meets your personal needs.

Special enrollment periods - Use 'em before you lose 'em - If you want to
purchase a major medical Obamacare-compliant health insurance plan on your own,
you need to do so during the annual open enrollment period (which typically
begins November 1) or when you experience a "qualifying life event."

Graduating
from college is not a qualifying life event, but events such as moving to a new
city or state, losing qualified coverage that you had before, getting married or
having a child may allow you to purchase coverage on your own outside of open
enrollment.

Obamacare subsidies - Understand the risks and rewards - As a single person,
if you earn less than about $48,000 per year, you may be eligible for government
subsidies when you purchase a major medical health plan.

This can make your
coverage significantly more affordable, depending on your income.

However, keep
in mind that your initial subsidy determination is based on your estimated
income for the year.

If you end up earning more than expected, you may be
required to pay back some or all of the subsidy dollars that were applied toward
your monthly premiums during the year.

Proposals by Congressional Republicans
may change the way subsidies work, but income-based Obamacare subsidies are
still in place for now.

Obamacare taxes - Avoid the sting of an unexpected tax hit - If you go
without major medical health insurance for more than two consecutive months
during the 2017 calendar year, you may be subject to an Obamacare tax penalty.

The penalty for 2017 is $695 per adult or 2.5% of your taxable income, whichever
is greater.

Congressional Republicans' health reform proposals would do away
with this tax penalty for going uninsured, but for now the Obamacare tax penalty
is still the law.

Obamacare alternatives - What is packaged medical insurance?

- Some people
simply cannot afford to purchase major medical coverage or they don't qualify
for coverage because they haven't had a qualifying life event.

Where can you
turn if you still want some protection against unexpected medical bills?

Other
insurance products that may be available year-round include short-term health
insurance plans, accident insurance, critical illness insurance, dental or
vision insurance, etc.

These may be purchased individually or conveniently
purchased together as a recommended package of medical insurance products.

Coverage under products like these can be significantly more affordable than
major medical coverage, but keep in mind that these plans will not protect you
from Obamacare tax penalties and do not typically have Obamacare features such
as coverage for pre-existing conditions or the full set of minimum essential
benefits required by Obamacare.

How Much Does Health Insurance Cost for 2017 Grads?

It helps to know what you're looking at when it comes to the cost of health
insurance.

Below, eHealth provides average premiums and deductibles for major
medical and short-term health insurance plans selected by eHealth shoppers aged
20-25 during the 2017 open enrollment period (November 1, 2016 through January
31, 2017).

These are aggregated averages for plans across the country, but you
can search for specific plans, premiums, and deductibles available to you in
your particular geographical area by visiting eHealth.com.

For major medical coverage:

* $231 was the average monthly premium

* $5,058 was the average annual deductible

* $161 was the average monthly premium for a catastrophic level plan

* $7,149 was the average annual deductible for a catastrophic level plan

* $362 was the average monthly premium for gold level plan

* $704 was the average annual deductible for gold level plan

"Catastrophic" plans tend to come with higher out-of-pocket costs and are
typically only available to people under age 30.

"Gold" plans provide the
second-highest level of coverage, in terms of cost-sharing, among
Obamacare-compliant major medical plans.

For short-term health insurance plans:

* $72 was the average monthly premium

* $6,024 was the average annual deductible

Short-term health insurance plans and other insurance products that are not
major medical plans provide limited coverage for a limited period of time.

They
typically exclude coverage for things like preventive medical care, pre-existing
conditions, and maternity care.

It may be possible to be declined for such plans
due to a pre-existing medical condition.

Despite this, short-term plans and
other insurance products that are not major medical plans can still provide a
valuable level of protection against unexpected medical costs.

For more information about major medical costs and trends, refer to eHealth's
Price Index Report for the 2017 Open Enrollment Period.

Source: eHealth

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2017 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              104 of 999 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                       GlobalData - Business Description

                                  July 7, 2017

                         eHealthInsurance Services Inc

                           440 East Middlefield Road
                                 Mountain 94043
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW

   eHealthInsurance is one of the leading privately held health insurance
exchange companies in the US.

The company offers a platform that enables
individuals, families and small businesses to compare health insurance products
from leading insurers and purchase and enroll in coverage online.

The company
offers a wide range of hosted e-commerce solutions that allow health plan
providers and resellers to market and distribute health insurance products
online.

eHealthInsurance offers about 13,000 insurance plans, which are
underwritten by more than 200 of the leading health companies in US.

The company
has a license to offer its ehealth solutions in all 50 states and the District
of Columbia.

The company offers its ecommerce platform to its consumers through
websites namely, www.eHealth.com, www.eHealthInsurance.com,
www.eHealthMedicare.com and www.PlanPrescriber.com.

Its customers can also gain
access to the platform through its network of marketing partners.

eHealthInsurance offers a wide range of plans for individuals and families
such as Individual Health Insurance; Family Health Insurance; Medicare;
Short-Term Health Insurance; Student Health Insurance; Health Savings Accounts;
International Health Insurance; Pre-Existing Condition Insurance Plan (PCIP);
Individual Dental Insurance; Discount Cards; Vision Insurance; Travel Health
Insurance; Accident Insurance; Critical Illness Insurance and Life Insurance.

Plans for small businesses include Group Health Insurance; Group Dental
Insurance and Group Vision Insurance.

It offers other insurance plans and
services such as Short Term Insurance; Medicare Insurance Plans; Medicare
Supplement; Medicare Advantage; Medicare Part D; Individual and Group Vision and
Dental Insurance; Travel Health Insurance and International Health Insurance;
Life Insurance, Pet Insurance and Telemedicine.

The major elements of its
ecommerce platforms include Online Rate Quoting and Comprehensive Plan
Information; Plan Comparison and Recommendations; and Online Application and
Enrollment Forms.

Its proprietary graphical Application Designer Tool enables
the company to understand each individual and family health insurance
application's specific business rules and create a corresponding online
application; Electronic Processing Interchange (EPI): This technology helps
integrate its online application process with health insurance carriers'
technology systems; Back Office Systems: Using its proprietary back office
customer relationship management systems, the company provides a range of
customer service tasks in an efficient, highly scalable and personalized manner.

eHealthInsurance Services Inc, is the operating subsidiary of eHealth, Inc.
for health insurance business in the US.

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Corporate Strategy
Company Overview                        Company Statement
Events                                  History
Key Employee Biographies                Key Employees
Key Facts                               Locations and Subsidiaries
SWOT Analysis                           Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis.

These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases.

Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData.

Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee.

As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2017


                              105 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

North Carolina: Navigators available to help with Health Insurance Marketplace,
Open Enrollment

LENGTH: 384 words

DATELINE: New York



 Brunswick: Brunswick County, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:



 Certified Navigators are available beginning Nov. 3 to help residents navigate
the Health Insurance Marketplace during open enrollment and re-enrollment.

The Health Insurance Marketplace open enrollment and re-enrollment begins Nov.
1.

Certified Navigators are available through the Brunswick County Department of
Social Services and Legal Aid starting Nov. 3 to help residents sign up for
health insurance plans, determine if they are eligible for tax credits, or give
assistance understanding various plans and coverage options.

Individuals must
sign up or change their current Marketplace Health Insurance plan by Dec. 15 in
order to have coverage effective Jan. 1.

Navigators will be available every Thursday, 1-5 p.m. in the Social Services
Annex Building by appointment only.

County offices are closed Thursday, Nov. 24
for Thanksgiving.Certified Navigators are available beginning Nov. 3 to help
residents navigate the Health Insurance Marketplace during open enrollment and
re-enrollment.

The Health Insurance Marketplace open enrollment and re-enrollment begins Nov.
1.

Certified Navigators are available through the Brunswick County Department of
Social Services and Legal Aid starting Nov. 3 to help residents sign up for
health insurance plans, determine if they are eligible for tax credits, or give
assistance understanding various plans and coverage options.

Individuals must
sign up or change their current Marketplace Health Insurance plan by Dec. 15 in
order to have coverage effective Jan. 1.

Navigators will be available every Thursday, 1-5 p.m. in the Social Services
Annex Building by appointment only.

County offices are closed Thursday, Nov. 24
for Thanksgiving.Open enrollment is Nov. 1, 2016 through Jan. 31, 2017, and
consumers can enroll, renew or change plans during that time.

Penalties for not
having health insurance coverage are scheduled to increase in 2017.

Anyone can
enroll for coverage Nov. 1 through Jan. 31, 2017.

After that, individuals will
have to have a special circumstance to qualify for coverage.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              106 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

North Carolina: Navigators available to help with Health Insurance Marketplace,
Open Enrollment

LENGTH: 384 words

DATELINE: New York



 Brunswick: Brunswick County, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:



 Certified Navigators are available beginning Nov. 3 to help residents navigate
the Health Insurance Marketplace during open enrollment and re-enrollment.

The Health Insurance Marketplace open enrollment and re-enrollment begins Nov.
1.

Certified Navigators are available through the Brunswick County Department of
Social Services and Legal Aid starting Nov. 3 to help residents sign up for
health insurance plans, determine if they are eligible for tax credits, or give
assistance understanding various plans and coverage options.

Individuals must
sign up or change their current Marketplace Health Insurance plan by Dec. 15 in
order to have coverage effective Jan. 1.

Navigators will be available every Thursday, 1-5 p.m. in the Social Services
Annex Building by appointment only.

County offices are closed Thursday, Nov. 24
for Thanksgiving.Certified Navigators are available beginning Nov. 3 to help
residents navigate the Health Insurance Marketplace during open enrollment and
re-enrollment.

The Health Insurance Marketplace open enrollment and re-enrollment begins Nov.
1.

Certified Navigators are available through the Brunswick County Department of
Social Services and Legal Aid starting Nov. 3 to help residents sign up for
health insurance plans, determine if they are eligible for tax credits, or give
assistance understanding various plans and coverage options.

Individuals must
sign up or change their current Marketplace Health Insurance plan by Dec. 15 in
order to have coverage effective Jan. 1.

Navigators will be available every Thursday, 1-5 p.m. in the Social Services
Annex Building by appointment only.

County offices are closed Thursday, Nov. 24
for Thanksgiving.Open enrollment is Nov. 1, 2016 through Jan. 31, 2017, and
consumers can enroll, renew or change plans during that time.

Penalties for not
having health insurance coverage are scheduled to increase in 2017.

Anyone can
enroll for coverage Nov. 1 through Jan. 31, 2017.

After that, individuals will
have to have a special circumstance to qualify for coverage.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              107 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

North Carolina: Navigators available to help with Health Insurance Marketplace,
Open Enrollment

LENGTH: 384 words

DATELINE: New York



 Brunswick: Brunswick County, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:



 Certified Navigators are available beginning Nov. 3 to help residents navigate
the Health Insurance Marketplace during open enrollment and re-enrollment.

The Health Insurance Marketplace open enrollment and re-enrollment begins Nov.
1.

Certified Navigators are available through the Brunswick County Department of
Social Services and Legal Aid starting Nov. 3 to help residents sign up for
health insurance plans, determine if they are eligible for tax credits, or give
assistance understanding various plans and coverage options.

Individuals must
sign up or change their current Marketplace Health Insurance plan by Dec. 15 in
order to have coverage effective Jan. 1.

Navigators will be available every Thursday, 1-5 p.m. in the Social Services
Annex Building by appointment only.

County offices are closed Thursday, Nov. 24
for Thanksgiving.Certified Navigators are available beginning Nov. 3 to help
residents navigate the Health Insurance Marketplace during open enrollment and
re-enrollment.

The Health Insurance Marketplace open enrollment and re-enrollment begins Nov.
1.

Certified Navigators are available through the Brunswick County Department of
Social Services and Legal Aid starting Nov. 3 to help residents sign up for
health insurance plans, determine if they are eligible for tax credits, or give
assistance understanding various plans and coverage options.

Individuals must
sign up or change their current Marketplace Health Insurance plan by Dec. 15 in
order to have coverage effective Jan. 1.

Navigators will be available every Thursday, 1-5 p.m. in the Social Services
Annex Building by appointment only.

County offices are closed Thursday, Nov. 24
for Thanksgiving.Open enrollment is Nov. 1, 2016 through Jan. 31, 2017, and
consumers can enroll, renew or change plans during that time.

Penalties for not
having health insurance coverage are scheduled to increase in 2017.

Anyone can
enroll for coverage Nov. 1 through Jan. 31, 2017.

After that, individuals will
have to have a special circumstance to qualify for coverage.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              108 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Oakes Times (North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 15, 2015

NDSU Offers Health Insurance Workbook

BYLINE: The Oakes Times staff

LENGTH: 277  words


The North Dakota State University Extension Service has a helpful Smart Choice
Health Insurance Workbook available to assist consumers as they make important
health insurance plan choices.

"Many consumers may be uncomfortable or feel overwhelmed when it comes to making
decisions about health insurance coverage," says Lori Scharmer, NDSU Extension
Service family economics specialist.

"The workbook is designed to help consumers
make the best choice for their unique situations."

The workbook is available at http://www.ag.ndsu.edu/money.

The annual opportunity for uninsured individuals to enroll in private insurance
coverage and sign up for premium tax credits and cost sharing subsidies is now
through Feb. 15, 2015.

This also is the time that those people who were newly
insured in 2014 can renew their health plan coverage and subsidies.

An increasing number of North Dakotans are expected to enroll or renew policies
in health insurance plans during this open enrollment period.

"However, there are a few key dates consumers should be aware of when planning
their health insurance purchases for next year," Scharmer says.

Under the Affordable Care Act, uninsured individuals generally may enroll in
private, non group coverage plans or change plans only during open enrollment.

Jan. 1, 2015, is the earliest coverage can begin for a plan bought during the
open enrollment period.

People with qualifying events, such as getting married or having a baby, can
enroll in a health insurance plan at any time.

Consumers may purchase a qualifying health insurance plan through the federal
marketplace at http://www.healthcare.gov or through an insurance company or
agent.

Copyright 2015 Oakes Times


                              109 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 13, 2017 Thursday

Health Insurance Plans 'Too Complicated to Understand'

LENGTH: 1023  words

DATELINE: New York



Hartford:  Central Connecticut State University has issued the following press
release:
A new survey by experts at the Health Disparities Institute of UConn Health
shows that many patients across Connecticut are struggling to understand their
complex, jargon-filled private health insurance plans and even to use their plan
benefits correctly.

Citing large differences in "health insurance literacy," the study shows that
people of color and those from ethnic minorities in particular have greater
difficulty accessing medical care and avoiding administrative hassles.

They are
also at greater risk of having delays in care, denials of coverage, and
receiving unexpected costly medical bills.

The researchers say today's complex insurance plans, with intricate cost
calculations and complicated language and terminology, can be very difficult to
understand, even for people with a college education.

Having health insurance is an invaluable asset, but what good is it if
people can't understand how to use it?

-- Victor Villagra
Since the enactment of the Affordable Care Act seven years ago, thousands of
Connecticut residents have enrolled in private health insurance plans through
the state's health insurance exchange Access Health CT. More people now have
access to essential health benefits through their plan, including inpatient
hospital care, mental health, prescription medication, and pregnancy and
childbirth care.

Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, people also have the right
to get the most important preventive care services completely free, with no
out-of-pocket cost.

However, the exchange reports that many enrollees are not
using or fully taking advantage of those services, and that many still do not
have a primary care doctor.

These observations of low plan use; news reports of surprise medical bills; the
fact that medical bills are the number one cause of personal bankruptcy; and
other difficulties in accessing health care, spurred the Health Disparities
Institute to study health insurance literacy rates, to see how to help more
patients use their benefits to achieve good health.

Staff at the Institute say
that recent consumer protection legislation is a good first step.

The Health Disparities Institute team is calling for a coordinated statewide
effort in collaboration with health insurance providers to simplify health
insurance plans and their language, and to begin an aggressive educational
awareness campaign to increase literacy.

The goal is to enhance patients' access
to the healthcare services covered under their plans, while avoiding the burden
of unnecessary costs.

"Having health insurance is an invaluable asset, but what good is it if people
can't understand how to use it?"

asks Dr. Victor Villagra, associate director of
the Health Disparities Institute at UConn Health.

"First, we need to start raising health insurance literacy to remove an
important source of health disparity," he says, "but a more permanent solution
would be removing complex language and convoluted rules from health insurance.

Access to simpler, more consumer-friendly insurance plans should be a priority
in order to achieve greater health equity for Connecticut citizens."

The team also recommends the use of trained, in-person health insurance
navigators or coaches to help guide patients.

The good news is that we now have the opportunity to seize the moment in
Connecticut ... to simplify and improve health insurance understanding for all
people.

-- Judith Fifield
The poll, conducted by phone during 2016, measured health insurance literacy
among 516 adult Connecticut residents enrolled in a qualified health plan
through Access Health CT, the state health insurance exchange.

The results
showed that this population struggled to understand basic health insurance
terminology, such as "premium," "deductible," and "co-pay," and how to use their
benefits.

The researchers report that those with lower educational levels, who
are black, Hispanic, or don't speak English as their first language, have a
greater challenge understanding and using their health insurance compared to
their white counterparts.

"Health insurance literacy is a health care disparity that we actually have the
power to do something about, and we can continue to measure our progress," says
Dr. Judith Fifield, director of the Health Disparities Institute.

"The first big
step is stepping-up our patient education to increase health insurance literacy,
and also to implement more consumer-friendly health insurance plans."

Key Connecticut Health Insurance Literacy Survey Findings
    Only 8 out of 13 questions (62 percent) regarding basic health insurance
were answered correctly;
     1 in 5 (20 percent) respondents did not understand the use of the insurance
word "premium;"
     2 out of 3 (66 percent) did not understand the word "formulary;"
     Only 1 in 3 (33 percent) could calculate their "out-of-pocket" cost of a
hospital bill when a "deductible" and a "copay" were part of the insurance
benefit;
     Only 4 out of 10 (40 percent) knew that "in-network hospitals do not always
have in-network doctors."

Fifield says that until now, there has been no information about the health
insurance literacy rates of Connecticut citizens enrolled in private health
insurance plans.

"While these baseline survey results overall are not much different from the
rest of the country, the survey uncovered a terrible inequity that puts people
of color at a great disadvantage," she says.

"The good news is that we now have
the opportunity to seize the moment in Connecticut - especially during this time
of healthcare reform debates - to simplify and improve health insurance
understanding for all people."

Additional Health Disparities Institute contributors to the survey project
include Emil Coman, Bhumika Parikh, Denise O. Smith, and Jeanette Goyzueta.

Collaborators include Access Health Connecticut and Acturus.

Funding for the
project came from the Connecticut Health Foundation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              110 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Maryland Gazette

                           February 10, 2007 Saturday

GOOD QUESTION

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg.

A7

LENGTH: 478  words


Where can I find information on buying a health insurance plan if I don't have
one with my employer?

Because health insurance is administered differently in each state, a good
starting place to find more information is the health or insurance department
for the state where you live.

Some states offer programs to the uninsured, such
as the Family Health Plus program in New York state, allowing individuals or
families with limited income to purchase their own plan.

Alternatively,
individual or family plans are offered at market rates through a number of
national and regional carriers.

Those looking for individual and family plans can also start their research at
Web sites such as www.healthdecisions.org and www.healthinsuranceinfo.net.

Those who buy health insurance on their own tend to be relatively price
sensitive since they absorb the entire cost of the plan themselves.

Premiums
vary by state and risk profile.

A 2004 survey by the trade group America's
Health Insurance Plans shows that individual annual premiums ranged from $1,885
in California to $6,048 in New Jersey.

Ninety-four percent of the individual
policies sold were on average less than $3,000.

Nationwide, the survey showed
annual premiums on average were $2,268 for individuals and $4,424 for families.

One New York-based nonprofit, the Freelancers Union, addresses a growing need
for plans not sponsored by a company and has plans to expand its services to
members outside New York.

Members around the country can buy disability and life insurance, but only those
in New York can buy health insurance.

In the coming months, Freelancers Union
plans to begin offering options to buy health insurance in the states with the
greatest demand.

The nonprofit's largest membership can be found in New Jersey, California,
Connecticut, Pennsylvania, Florida, Massachusetts, Texas, Ohio, Illinois and
Maryland.

Other organizations that offer health insurance options include
AllFreelance.com, the National Association for the Self-Employed, the National
Writers Union and others.

Change is coming that may affect how not only freelance workers, but full-time
employees, buy health insurance.

Freelancers Union founder Sara Horowitz said the rising cost of health insurance
is contributing to the decline of the employer-sponsored system for health care.

She predicts that a growing number of individuals will begin buying their own
plans, leading to a "quintessential David and Goliath" problem where consumers
have no buying power and no ombudsman to help them navigate their medical
claims.

That, Ms. Horowitz said, will lead to a reinvention of how we buy health
insurance, with people grouping themselves together to increase their
negotiating power and fund health advocates who help negotiate the claims
process.

"I think we're going to see a rise in these services over time," she said.

B3

LENGTH: 478  words


Where can I find information on buying a health insurance plan if I don't have
one with my employer?

Because health insurance is administered differently in each state, a good
starting place to find more information is the health or insurance department
for the state where you live.

Some states offer programs to the uninsured, such
as the Family Health Plus program in New York state, allowing individuals or
families with limited income to purchase their own plan.

Alternatively,
individual or family plans are offered at market rates through a number of
national and regional carriers.

Those looking for individual and family plans can also start their research at
Web sites such as www.healthdecisions.org and www.healthinsuranceinfo.net.

Those who buy health insurance on their own tend to be relatively price
sensitive since they absorb the entire cost of the plan themselves.

Premiums
vary by state and risk profile.

A 2004 survey by the trade group America's
Health Insurance Plans shows that individual annual premiums ranged from $1,885
in California to $6,048 in New Jersey.

Ninety-four percent of the individual
policies sold were on average less than $3,000.

Nationwide, the survey showed
annual premiums on average were $2,268 for individuals and $4,424 for families.

One New York-based nonprofit, the Freelancers Union, addresses a growing need
for plans not sponsored by a company and has plans to expand its services to
members outside New York.

Members around the country can buy disability and life
insurance, but only those in New York can buy health insurance.

In the coming
months, Freelancers Union plans to begin offering options to buy health
insurance in the states with the greatest demand.

The nonprofit's largest membership can be found in New Jersey, California,
Connecticut, Pennsylvania, Florida, Massachusetts, Texas, Ohio, Illinois and
Maryland.

Other organizations that offer health insurance options include
AllFreelance.com, the National Association for the Self-Employed, the National
Writers Union and others.

Change is coming that may affect how not only freelance workers, but full-time
employees, buy health insurance.

Freelancers Union founder Sara Horowitz said the rising cost of health insurance
is contributing to the decline of the employer-sponsored system for health care.

She predicts that a growing number of individuals will begin buying their own
plans, leading to a "quintessential David and Goliath" problem where consumers
have no buying power and no ombudsman to help them navigate their medical
claims.

That, Ms. Horowitz said, will lead to a reinvention of how we buy health
insurance, with people grouping themselves together to increase their
negotiating power and fund health advocates who help negotiate the claims
process.

"I think we're going to see a rise in these services over time," she said.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2007 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              112 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                          November 13, 2013, Wednesday

AFFORDABLE CARE ACT;
Plans canceled for 8,800;
in state;
Number of West;
Virginians losing current coverage relatively small compared to US data

BYLINE: ZACK HAROLD, DAILY MAIL CAPITOL REPORTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg.

P1A

LENGTH: 540 words


About 8,800 West Virginia residents stand to lose their health insurance because
of the Affordable Care Act's new requirements for insurance plans.

The health care reform law, passed in 2010, requires U.S. citizens to enroll in
health insurance but also includes a list of requirements for health insurance
plans.

Insurance providers must cancel or change plans that don't meet those
requirements.

Policyholders are eligible for new plans through the government's
health insurance marketplace, although that website has suffered crippling
technical problems since its launch last month.

Policy cancellations largely affect individuals who purchase their own health
insurance plans.

According to the West Virginia Center on Budget and Policy, the state Offices of
the Insurance Commissioner have received about 8,800 discontin- uation notices
for individual insurance plans.

Most of those people - about 8,600 - are insured through Highmark West Virginia.

President Obama, in his attempts to sell the Affordable Care Act to the American
public and lawmakers, frequently insisted people who liked their current health
care plans could keep them.

That has proved not to be true, and a recent NBC News investigation found the
Obama administration knew it would not be the case as early as 2010.

It's unclear how many people could lose their current health insurance plans
because of the rules changes.

The number of West Virginians losing their current health care plans is
relatively small.

While 8,800 are facing discontinuation of their policies, about 25,000 state
residents had individual health insurance plans in 2011, according to the latest
available data collated by the nonprofit Kaiser Family Foundation.

Most West Virginians, about 910,000, receive health insurance through their
employers, according to an actuarial study commissioned by the state earlier
this year.

About 183,000 received insurance through Medicaid and the Children's Health
Insurance Program, and 246,000 were uninsured.

Those numbers did not include Medicare-eligible individuals.

According to census
data, about 307,000 state residents received health insurance through Medicare
in 2011.

The National Republican Senatorial Committee sent out a press release Tuesday
attempting to tie the Affordable Care Act to Secretary of State Natalie Tennant,
who is running as a Democrat for U.S. Senate.

The NRSC claimed 147,000 West Virginia residents "are at risk of losing their
health insurance," but Brandon Merritt, health care analyst for the West
Virginia Center on Budget and Policy, said that figure is far above any
estimates he's seen.

"Currently we have about 28,000 in our individual market.

That's not even within
the margin of error," he said.

Follow
him at www.twitter.com/ZackHarold.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Charleston Newspapers


                              113 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Jamestown Sun (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 26, 2013 Thursday

Affordable Care Act: Citizens may start enrolling Tuesday in their state's
health insurance marketplace

BYLINE: Chris Olson, The Jamestown Sun, N.D.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 798 words


Sept. 26--Americans have been hearing about the Affordable Care Act since before
it was signed into law by President Barack Obama on March 23, 2010.

On Tuesday, citizens may start enrolling in their state's health insurance
marketplace by going to www.healthcare.gov online.

According to the healthcare.gov website, which is run by the U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services, the ACA is a law that puts into place comprehensive
health insurance reforms that were to be rolled out over four years starting in
2010.

Mike Potts, Blue Cross and Blue Shield of North Dakota's director of employer
consulting and wellness, said more specifically the law requires that all
Americans purchase health insurance.

"There are changes in insurance regulations so that all people are covered,
including those with pre-existing conditions," Potts said.

The ACA offers many different options for people seeking health insurance,
according to Potts.

Those options are explained in a different story in this
series.

For employers the ACA offers options for providing health insurance to
employees, Potts said.

Early in the process of getting the ACA approved by Congress, Obama promised
that people who have health insurance provided by their employers would be able
to keep that coverage if they like it.

"Essentially those health plans were 'grandfathered' in.

If an employer had a
health insurance plan for his employees before the ACA was signed, you could
keep it," he said.

Potts said about 75 percent of BCBSND's employer groups decided to keep their
grandfathered-in health insurance plans.

"They found their employees like their health plans and want to keep them,"
Potts said.

For employers that didn't get their health insurance plans grandfathered, Potts
said those companies may find less-expensive plans through the health insurance
marketplace.

The cost-saving comes from an ACA requirement that the most
expensive rate for a single-payer plan can't be more than three-times the rate
for the least expensive single-payer plan, Potts said.

For employers with 50 or more full-time-equivalent employees the ACA will
require those companies to provide health insurance to those full-time employees
starting in January 2015.

A full-time-equivalent employee is defined in the ACA
as someone who works 30 hours a week or more.

"If they (larger employers) don't offer coverage, those businesses will be
assessed a $2,000 per year fine (per employee), with a break given on the first
30 employees," Potts said.

Potts said any health insurance coverage an employer offers must meet the
minimum coverage requirement of covering 60 percent of total costs for medical
services.

The coverage must be affordable as well, meaning the cost for the
employee only -- not including extra costs for insuring other family members
under the plan -- can't exceed 9.5 percent of the employee's wages or income.

Paul Witthauer, owner and agent of Witthauer Investment and Insurance Services,
said health insurance agents and brokers like him have been worrying about what
the ACA will mean for their business and clients.

"The good news for us is we will be playing an important role in registering
people, helping them enroll in health insurance plans under the ACA," he said.

Witthauer said he has been through training sessions sponsored by the federal
government for insurance agents to learn how to help people enroll for coverage
through the healthcare.gov website.

North Dakota opted not to establish its own
health insurance marketplace.

This means North Dakota Residents who want to
enroll in a health care plan must do so through the federal government.

Witthauer said he is glad that so far health insurance agents are being included
in the ACA process.

I have been inundated with calls from my
clients wanting to know what they should be doing.

The frustrating part has been
not having ready answers because the information simply wasn't out there for
agents to easily access," he said.

Witthauer said he was not a supporter of enacting the ACA, but knows it's the
law and everyone has to work with it.

"I have concerns about the ACA, but it's more the unknowns for me.

There are
good parts, it will be helpful getting health insurance to people who currently
don't have it, and that is a good thing," he said.

For more information about the ACA go to www.bcbsnd.com or healthcare.gov.

Who needs the marketplace and what are the choices in the
marketplace?

Sun reporter Chris Olson can be reached at 701-952-8454 or by email at
colson@jamestownsun.com

___ (c)2013 The Jamestown Sun (Jamestown, N.D.) Visit The Jamestown Sun
(Jamestown, N.D.) at www.jamestownsun.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130926-QJ-Affordable-Care-Act-Citizens-may-start-enrolling-Tuesday-in-their-st
ate-s-health-insurance-marketplace-0926-20130926

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QJ


                        Copyright 2013 The Jamestown Sun


                              114 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                      July 12, 2017 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

AgileHealthInsurance.com Expands its Leading Marketplace of Affordable Health
Insurance Options

LENGTH: 747  words


July 12 -- AgileHealthInsurance.com announced today it has launched a new
portfolio of health insurance products called "health benefit insurance plans."

Health benefit insurance plans are specially designed to help consumers who are
at risk for going underinsured or uninsured, in the absence of low-cost health
plans.

Many of the new health benefit insurance plans are priced under $100 a
month, a key price ceiling within the American health insurance market.

Unlike major medical plans, such as Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) insurance
plans or short-term health insurance plans, health benefit insurance plans pay a
set amount of money when the enrollee experiences covered medical events.

Payment amounts vary depending on the specific medical event, with more
expensive medical services typically receiving higher payments than those for
less costly events.

Depending on the health insurance benefit plan, this money
is paid directly to the enrollee to offset out-of-pocket costs or lost income,
or it is paid directly to the enrollee's health care provider.

Most health
benefit insurance plans offered on AgileHealthInsurace.com are not medically
underwritten, but they will not cover pre-existing conditions.

This means that a
consumer can apply without worry that the application will be rejected due to a
current health condition, but the plan will only pay for covered medical events
that occur after the application date.

Applications can be made any time of
year, and coverage can begin in as little as one day after purchase.

Plans can
be paid for by consumers on a month-to-month basis and cancelled by the consumer
at any time without restriction.

Additionally, consumers can keep their health
benefit plan until they are Medicare eligible at age 65, and in some cases
longer.

"The reality of today's health insurance market is that we have a growing
segment of Americans who are locked out of Obamacare insurance plans due to high
premiums, ineligibility for government premium subsidies, lack of insurance
company participation or open enrollment restrictions," said Bruce Telkamp,
founder and CEO of AgileHealthInsurance.com.

"Our mission has been to pioneer a
scalable Internet platform to help these consumers find and purchase lower-cost
health insurance options that meet their unique needs.

We are very excited to be
complementing our market-leading short-term offering with a new online portfolio
of health benefit insurance plans.

We believe that the health benefit plan
category has the potential to become an important segment of the individual
health insurance marketplace."

AgileHealthInsurance.com offers health benefit insurance plans that provide
payments to help with four categories of medical expenses:

* Doctor office visits coverage: pays for a predetermined number of visits to a
doctor's office, as well as associated lab work

* Hospital visits coverage: pays for hospital admission due to illness or injury

* Accident coverage: pays when accidents result in an injury, such as a broken
leg or torn knee

* Critical illnesses coverage: pays in the event of a serious illness, such as a
heart attack or cancer

Many of the health benefit insurance plans offered at AgileHealthInsurance.com
have additional benefits such as a telemedicine service that provides 24/7
access to a doctor or nurse for basic medical consults and advisory services to
help consumers navigate the health care system.

All of the health benefit
insurance plans offered on AgileHealthInsurance.com have top ratings from AM
Best, ranging from B++ (Good) to A+ (Superior) in financial strength.

AgileHealthInsurance.com intends to continue investment and innovation within
the health insurance market, including expanding its health benefit plan
offerings throughout 2017.

AgileHealthInsurance.com was created to educate people about the benefits of
short-term health insurance and other affordable health insurance products.

AgileHealthInsurance provides a fast, online process for purchasing these health
plans.

Short-term health insurance is a flexible and low-cost major medical
insurance for individuals without expensive pre-existing health conditions.

It
is not Obamacare.

Short-term health plans offer consumers the flexibility to
choose health plans with the benefits that matter most to them and combine these
benefits with broad provider networks.

Additional information about
AgileHealthInsurance can be found at www.AgileHealthInsurance.com.

Source: AgileHealthInsurance.com

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2017 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              115 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                          September 2, 2009 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

PAUL RYAN'S HEALTH CARE PLAN IS A DANGEROUS

BYLINE: ROBERT KRAIG

SECTION: OPINION; GUEST COLUMN; Pg.

WEB

LENGTH: 791 words


Rx Lost in the passionate debate on President Obama's health care reform
initiative is that Congressman Paul Ryan, R-Janesville, has introduced his own
plan.

Unfortunately, Ryan's plan would make the health care crisis even worse by
shifting more power away from patients and to the health insurance industry.

Most agree that skyrocketing health care costs are economically unsustainable.

According to a report co-released by the New America Foundation and Citizen
Action of Wisconsin, a family health insurance policy in Wisconsin will cost
nearly $25,000 a year by 2016 absent fundamental reform.

Ryan's plan, H.R.

2520 (co-sponsored with Sen. Tom Coburn of Oklahoma), would
give insurance companies even more latitude to discriminate based on age, health
status, gender, and pre-existing conditions, and to profit from selling policies
with gaping holes that leave consumers vulnerable to claim and treatment
denials.

The first key feature of Ryan's plan, like the proposal John McCain advocated
during the 2008 campaign, is to tax health insurance benefits.

This is a radical
departure from the policy of the United States since World War II of using the
tax code to encourage employers to provide health insurance to their workers.

The policy of not taxing health insurance benefits has worked so well that over
two-thirds of Wisconsinites under the 65 get their health insurance at work.

A report from the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities concludes that Ryan's
plan would cause millions of Americans to lose their employer-based health
insurance.

The Economic Policy Institute estimates that 415,000 Wisconsinites
would lose their health insurance at work if those benefits were taxed.

The second key feature of Ryan's plan, as it clearly anticipates that many would
lose their health insurance at work if benefits are taxed, is to provide tax
credits of $2,290 for individuals and $5,710 for families to help them buy
insurance on their own.

These amounts are grossly inadequate except for the
youngest and healthiest.

The average cost for group health insurance in
Wisconsin is now $13,559 for family coverage and $4,916 for individual coverage.

Even worse, by forcing millions of people who now get their health insurance at
work to buy it directly, Ryan's plan would give the insurance industry greater
power to skim off the most profitable and healthy individuals, and to charge
discriminatory rates to everyone else for bare bones policies that expose them
to potentially bankrupting costs and treatment denials when they most need
medical care.

Ryan asserts that his plan would limit insurance industry abuses, but the
consumer protections in the bill are full of holes.

Like Obama and the House
Democrats, Ryan proposes that health insurance exchanges be created where
consumers can shop for insurance.

Ryan
leaves the creation of such exchanges to the voluntary action of each state.

Worse, Ryan's plan would actually prohibit the new health insurance exchanges
from limiting premiums, co-pays, deductibles, and out-of-pocket expenses.

Insurance companies would be free to price anyone out of the market that they
consider a bad risk.

Ryan's bill also has no meaningful coverage standards, so insurance companies
could continue to sell policies filled with dangerous coverage gaps.

Ryan's health care plan also would eliminate Medicaid coverage for low-income
seniors, which helps them afford Medicare and services such as home health care.

In addition, it would force low-income families on Medicaid to go out and buy
health insurance on the private insurance market.

Henry Aaron of the Brookings
Institution, one of the top health care experts in the nation, concludes that
"the idea of turning Medicaid patients over to private insurance is whacky."

The whole thrust of Ryan's health insurance plan is to give the health insurance
industry more power to decide how much to charge, what medical services would be
covered, and what co-pays, deductibles, and benefit caps would apply.

The
deciding factor in all of these decisions would be profits, not the health care
needs of most Americans.

It is no surprise that according to the Center for Responsive Politics, Ryan's
largest political contributor is the health insurance industry, which has given
him $493,000.

It is fair to ask: Is Paul Ryan representing the people of
southern Wisconsin or the health insurance industry?

Robert Kraig is the program director for Citizen Action of Wisconsin, a
grass-roots organization with 90,000 members across the state which advocates
for health care reform.

Posted in Guest on Wednesday, September 2, 2009 5:00 am Updated: 7:22 am.

Paul
Ryan, Citizen Action Of Wisconsin, New America Foundation, Health Care

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              116 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Edmond Sun (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 30, 2008 Saturday

Health insurance hope: State efforts offer solutions for individuals who lack
health insurance

BYLINE: Mark Schlachtenhaufen, The Edmond Sun, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 758 words


Aug. 30--EDMOND -- Until recently, at times Terry Fisher went without health
insurance because of the high cost.

Fisher, shop manager at Edmond's W & W Tire, said due to the high costs of
health insurance occasionally he would forgo seeing a doctor.

Insurance Commissioner Kim Holland, head of the Oklahoma Insurance Department,
said nearly 700,000 Oklahomans do not have health insurance.

Holland said in
recent years the number of uninsured Oklahomans has been rising, as have the
costs of both health care and health insurance.

Holland estimates the cost of health insurance is increased by as much as 25
percent to cover health-care services provided to individuals without coverage.

Holland said the cost-shift creates a vicious cycle of increasing premiums
causing more people to drop coverage.

The high cost of health insurance has varied social and economic consequences,
Holland said.

"I think it is one of the most significant, dramatic social situations Oklahoma
has to deal with now and in the future," Holland said.

National surveys show that the primary reason people are uninsured is the high
cost of insurance coverage.

Premiums for employer-based health insurance rose by
6.1 percent in 2007, according to the National Coalition on Health Care.

Premiums for small employers, on average, increased 5.5 percent and firms with
less than 24 workers experienced an increase of 6.8 percent.

According to the Kaiser Family Foundation and the Health Research and
Educational Trust, premiums for employer-sponsored health insurance have been
rising four times faster on average than workers' earnings since 2000.

For the most part, the federal government has left health care up to individual
states.

In Oklahoma, HCR 1010, authored by Rep. Ron Peterson, R-Tulsa, and Sen.
Susan Paddack, D-Ada, empowered a Core Benefit Task Force to make
recommendations to the Legislature for the creation of a lower-cost, basic
health insurance plan.

Last summer, Holland announced the launch of a statewide series of community
meetings for the purpose of receiving input from Oklahomans about what services
should be covered under such a plan.

In the coming months, work on the state plan will continue.

Meanwhile, an
existing state program offers hope for small businesses.

The Insure Oklahoma/O-EPIC employer-sponsored insurance program pays part of the
health plan premiums for eligible employees working for businesses with 50 or
fewer full-time employees.

Legislation passed in 2004 authorized the Oklahoma Health Care Authority to
develop a program assisting adults age 19-64 who do not exceed 185 percent of
the federal poverty level with either a portion of their private health plan
premiums or the purchase of a state-sponsored health plan operated under the
state Medicaid program.

Holland said a good resource for information about health insurance is the
Insurance Department's Web site, www.ok.gov/oid/.

The site contains information
on options for the uninsured, private health insurance, insurance for high-risk
individuals and income-based health insurance programs.

Jana Kappel, office manager for W & W Tire, said worries about not having health
insurance prompted her to begin investigating health insurance plans for the
family owned and operated business.

Kappel said when she got quotes on the state plan from a local insurance agent,
she couldn't believe what she was hearing.

Terry Fisher said he got on the state plan in February 2007.

Fisher said he pays
part of the premium and the company and the state also pay part of the costs.

"It's an ideal plan," Fisher said.

"It makes the rising costs of health care
more affordable.

If Fisher, his wife or their four children need to visit their medical clinic,
they have a $25 co-payment.

Kappel said without the state plan she probably would not have insurance.

Recently losing a relative to cancer made it even more important, she said.

NEXT WEEK'S TOPIC: How to get a raise.

To see more of The Edmond Sun or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.edmondsun.com/.

For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080830-EO-Health-insurance-hope-0830

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EO


                                 Copyright 2008


                              117 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                                 March 1, 2015

Insurers carving up health market

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE

LENGTH: 1215 words


Health insurers are hoping for an influx of younger customers in the coming
weeks, ahead of new rules that will penalise those who delay entering the health
insurance market until they are older.

The health insurance market will be shaken up by the government's new lifetime
community rating system later this year, with the new plan designed to bring
younger customers back into the health insurance market in a bid to re-balance
the demographics of the market and stabilise the cost of private health
insurance.

From May 1, higher charges will apply to people who are 35 years or more when
they first take out health insurance.

Someone over 35 who takes out health
insurance for the first time after May will face a loading of 2 per cent per
year.

With just two months to go before the new rules kick in, insurers are preparing
for a flurry of activity in the coming weeks - and experts warn that consumers
who don't sign up for health insurance before the April 30 deadline could find
themselves permanently priced out of the market.

As the details of the government's lifetime community rating plan emerged,
health insurance analysts predicted that insurers would launch new plans before
May geared towards people under 35.

These predictions proved correct with all
health insurers bringing new plans to market in recent weeks, designed to appeal
to younger customers.

More plans could follow ahead of the new rules, but
insurers must give 30 days' notice to the Health Insurance Authority (HIA), the
regulator for the private health insurance market, ahead of launching a new plan
.

These new plans - dubbed 'value pack' by some analysts - are considerably
cheaper than the other products on the market, but it's a case of you get what
you pay for, say market experts.

Insurers are stripping out all they can to make products as cheap as they can,
Dermot Goode, a health cover analyst at Total Health Cover, said.

These plans
give you very little.

They are a way to avoid the loading, but they do not
provide comprehensive cover.

Prices for the new wave of plans start from EUR 409 for Glo's latest offering,
rising to EUR 425 for Aviva's new low-cost plan.

VHI's latest plan costs EUR 449
per adult, while Laya recently announced a EUR 430 health insurance plan.

In Goode's view, the latest range of plans to emerge from health insurers are
like riding a scooter when you want to drive a car  .

Anne Frawley, head of healthcare consulting at Mercer, described the latest
batch of plans from health insurers as    plans that tick a box  .

She said that
people who sign up for these products would escape the loading, but stressed
that they would have    very basic cover  .

**Battle lines drawn**

Insurers are hopeful that the new rules could drive some of those who left the
health insurance market in recent years to return, and may also encourage new
customers to enter the market for the first time.

There's a big pool of
potential customers to play for, with figures from the Health Insurance
Authority showing that almost 300,000 people have left the market since its peak
at the end of 2008, when almost 2.3 million people were insured.

Even at the
market's peak, only about 53 per cent of the population had health insurance.

According to Goode, there's a    land grab   going on between insurers.

They
know there are tens of thousands of potential customers to play for in the
coming weeks, and insurance companies want to win as many of these as possible,
he said.

It's an opportunity to get the phones hopping.

I'd expect that insurers will try
to upsell people other, more expensive plans,   Goode said.

Frawley agreed, saying that insurers were keen    to just get people in  .

Nearly 300,000 people left the market - and on top of that there's probably a
certain number of people who just will never take it [health insurance] out,
she said.

**A lot of work to do**

Research published by health insurer Laya last week indicated that the
government, the Health Insurance Authority and insurers have an uphill battle on
their hands in the coming weeks, with little awareness of the new rules.

According to Laya's statistics, just one in five Irish people over 30 have heard
of lifetime community rating and just 4 per cent say they understand the new
system.

The Health Insurance Authority is gearing up to launch a public awareness
campaign later this month as the new rules loom for health insurance customers.

The HIA campaign, which is due to launch in the coming weeks, is likely to
extend across multiple channels and include print, television and online.

Insurance Ireland, the representative body for the insurance industry, is also
planning to run its own public awareness campaign ahead of the new rules.

It's not just a lack of awareness that insurers are up against.

Affordability
remains a big problem for many consumers, even with the new, lower cost options
on offer.

Laya's recent research found that 62 per cent of those currently without health
insurance do not plan to take out a policy before the April 30 deadline, with
affordability - or a lack of it - cited as the main barrier to purchasing health
insurance cover.

**Employers need to prepare too**

The new rules will not just affect consumers.

The impending deadline may also
pose difficulties for employers who offer health insurance to staff as a
benefit.

Goode said many employers are unaware of the impact of the new rules.

Corporate clients are only waking up to this now,   he said.

The big question for employers is who covers the additional cost for the loading
that may apply for those joining the company scheme, Frawley said.

Some employers may choose to pay a set amount towards health cover for their
employees, leaving employees to pay the difference.

However, in more competitive
industries, where attracting staff is a challenge and there's more pressure to
provide a bumper remuneration package to attract talent, employers may have
little choice but to pay the extra cost associated with the new loading.

Employers will closely watch their peers on this,   Goode said.

**The risks ahead**

Insurers are banking on adding younger customers in the coming weeks, but if
they don't there could be more problems ahead for the health insurance market.

The risk on these entry-level plans is that, if they don't get enough young
non-claiming customers in, they could take a hit,   Goode said.

But I expect
that they'll have a clever customer segmentation strategy here.

According to Frawley, the risk for insurers is relatively small, given the basic
benefits on offer from the new plans.

They are not that exposed given the
level of benefits,   she said.

However, Frawley said that if the expected influx of customers doesn't
materialise in the coming weeks, insurers could find themselves in familiar
territory: with an ageing customer base, increasing claims and significant price
pressure.

The next two months are crucial for the health insurance market, as there are
tens of thousands of people who could be left permanently unable to take out
health insurance if they miss this window, experts warn.

The impact of missing this deadline is hugely important,   Frawley said.

There will be people who, if they don't join now, could find themselves priced
out of the market.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Post Publications Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              118 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                 ECS Insurance

                                260 Chesney Glen
                              Marietta,  GA 30062
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (678) 354-7117
FAX: (678) 302-0507
URL: www.ecs-insurance.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   ECS Insurance Associates offers a wide variety of health plans including
individual and family health insurance, group health insurance, HMOs, PPOs, POS,
Indemnity plans, short-term health insurance plans, dental health insurance, and
international travel health insurance.

Popular health insurance companies such
as Blue Cross and Blue Shield, Anthem, Aetna, Humana, Golden Rule Insurance
Company, Assurant, Kaiser and offer the plans we feature.

By providing choices
for both health insurance companies and types of health plans, combined with
free online health insurance quotes, side-by-side health insurance benefit
comparison, and live agent support, we enable you to choose a health insurance
plan from the health insurance company that is right for you.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              119 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            August 7, 2013 Wednesday

Firms line up for California health insurance marketplace

BYLINE: From staff reports Contra Costa Times

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; News; Local; Business

LENGTH: 322 words


Twelve insurance companies have signed contracts to join the state's newly
created health benefit exchange, the Covered California agency announced
Wednesday.

The state exchange, a consumer health insurance marketplace set up under the
national health care reform act, will open for business in January.

It will
permit consumers to easily comparison shop for health insurance available at
variety of costs and coverage levels.

The health insurance companies will offer coverage in the individual exchange
and six of them will offer plans through the exchange's Small Business Health
Options Program market.

"Covered California and the insurance companies participating in our marketplace
have worked hard to secure these contracts, which will mean affordable health
insurance plans for millions of people who currently have no coverage or whose
coverage is too expensive," said Covered California Executive Director Peter V.
Lee, in a news release.

The following companies will offer plans in Covered California's individual
market:

-- Alameda Alliance for Health

-- Anthem Blue Cross of California

-- Blue Shield of California

-- Chinese Community Health Plan

-- Contra Costa Health Plan

-- Health Net

-- Kaiser Permanente

-- L.A. Care Health Plan

-- Molina Healthcare

-- Sharp Health Plan

-- Valley Health Plan

-- Western Health Advantage

Covered California selected the following health plans to participate in small
business program:

-- Blue Shield of California

-- Chinese Community Health Plan

-- Health Net

-- Kaiser Permanente

-- Sharp Health Plan

-- Western Health Advantage

The signed contracts culminate months of competitive bidding and negotiations,
Covered California said.

Covered California is an independent agency of the state government whose job is
to operate the new market for California's consumers.

It is overseen by a
five-member board appointed by the Governor and the Legislature.

More information is available atwww.CoveredCA.com .

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              120 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                          February 27, 2008 Wednesday

Life insurers bank on private health plans

LENGTH: 519 words


Local life insurers are set to venture into the lucrative private health
insurance sector, anticipating that the new administration of President Lee
Myung-bak will accelerate the deregulation of the financial industry.

Many investors expect that the insurance sector, along with the brokerage
industry, will be the biggest beneficiaries of the Lee administration's promise
to wage a sweeping deregulation campaign.

"There seems to be consensus that the new administration will advocate
developing the private health insurance market," said Park Sun-ho, an analyst
who covers the life insurance industry at Goodmorning Shinhan Securities Co.

Promoting the private health insurance market has been considered a way of
supplementing the national health insurance scheme which has been running
chronic deficits.

At present, non-life insurance companies have sold a limited
range of health insurance policies, along with their mainstay of accident
insurance and permanent health insurance policies.

Korea's rapid demographic
changes and the consumers' desire for quality medical services have prompted
policymakers to seek ways to complement the public health insurance plans.

The nation's major life insurance players, including Samsung Life Insurance,
Korea Life Insurance and Kyobo Life Insurance, are planning to introduce private
health plans soon, industry insiders say.

A Korea Life Insurance official said
yesterday that the company plans to start selling private health insurance plans
within the next four months.

Both Samsung and Kyobo said they are also working
to introduce private health insurance policies to cater to the rising local
demand for insurance policies which cover more sophisticated medical services.

Private health insurance policy holders can be fully reimbursed for the medical
expenses that are not covered by the public insurance program.

In Korea, the
National Health Insurance covers the entire population.

The compulsory social
insurance system is financed by contributions from the insured, along with
government subsidies.

"I believe that many issues have to be resolved before the private health
insurance services take off in Korea," said Lee Suk-ho, a research fellow at the
Korea Institute of Finance.

The full-fledged development of private health
insurance plans, without sufficient financial support from the public health
insurance scheme, could force insurance companies to raise their premiums, and
the price increase could eventually result in higher medical expenses, he
explained.

In order to spur the private health insurance market, it is necessary to
standardize insurance policies and build an infrastructure that will allow
insurance companies to share information about insurance policy holders,
industry insiders said.

"The information-sharing system is crucial to prevent
policy holders from buying multiple products in this market," said a Korea Life
Insurance official.

Wider coverage by private health plans could cause a "moral
hazard" by providing incentives for policy holders to claim unnecessary medical
expenses, he added.

By Kim Jung-min

(jungmin@heraldm.com)

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              121 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                              HealthMark Benefits

                               1105 Shoreline Dr.
                               Windsor,  CO 80550
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.healthmarkbenefits.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Healthmark Benefits is here to help you make an informed decision in todays
economy of the ever changing world of health insurance.

Healthmark Benefits is
informed and leading the market place by offering individual health savings
accounts and group health saving accounts for business.

Healthmark Benefits is
your partner to finding personal health insurance or group health insurance with
the coverage you need, at a rate you can afford.

For individuals, families,
students, employer sponsored small business group plans.

Healthmark Benefits
provides health insurance quotes, health insurance plans and dental plans
tailored to meet your needs.

Whether you are looking for a doctor visit,
prescription co-pay insurance plan such as a HMO or PPO plan, a major medical
health insurance plan with a high deductible or a health savings account (HSA),
Healthmark Benefits makes it easy to compare health plans, health benefits and
apply online with our safe and secure application process.

For employer
sponsored small business group health insurance needs, we provide employee
assistance plans, employee benefit statements, cafeteria plans, cobra
administration, ergonomic assessments and risk management services.

Healthmark
Benefits provides you with choices of the leading health insurance plans in
Colorado, Northern Colorado, the Front Range and Wyoming.

With over 50 years of
combined experience in health insurance, our licensed health insurance brokers
are here to assist you in getting the

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              122 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            January 13, 2009 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Don't crowd out insurers;
Opposing view: Government plan would encourage employers to drop health
coverage.

10A

LENGTH: 413 words


"If you have (health) insurance you like, you keep that insurance,"
President-elect Barack Obama has assured Americans.

Unfortunately, that's not
what would happen under his proposed health reform plan.

In fact, millions would
lose their existing coverage.

A major component of Obama's plan is a national health insurance exchange, in
which the government competes with private insurance.

In theory, everyone wins
-- the competition lowers rates and induces insurers to offer better plans.

In
reality, the presence of a large national plan would, perversely enough,
encourage employers to drop coverage (which is, after all, quite expensive).

Let
the government take care of employees, they'd reason.

The inevitable result: a massive crowd-out of private coverage -- especially
employer-based coverage, which is how nine out of 10 Americans under 65 get
their insurance.

In an October analysis, the Lewin Group, a leading econometrics
firm, estimated that Obama's plan would dramatically alter the way in which many
Americans are covered: 21.6 million would lose their private coverage, and about
48.3 million would end up in public coverage through the new government health
plan, as well as the State Children's Health Insurance Program and Medicaid.

Lewin estimated that 18.6 million employees would find themselves in the new
government plan, as employers switched from private health insurance.

The end result of this enormous shift is all too predictable: a rapid evolution
toward a single-payer system of national health insurance.

At the very least,
we'd wind up with a highly regulated and painfully sluggish, centrally
controlled system in which private health plans and private medical practice are
private in name only.

Meanwhile, millions of Americans would lose their employer-based health
insurance.

And the artificially swollen and heavily subsidized government health
plan would remain as the benchmark for "private" decisions concerning financing,
benefits and standards within the new  health exchange.

The overwhelming majority of Americans who get health insurance through work say
they're satisfied with it.

And most American voters say they oppose any kind of
government-controlled plan if it means they'd have to change their own health
coverage.

Under Obama's plan, though, that's exactly what many would have to do.

Robert Moffit is director of the Center for Health Policy Studies at The
Heritage Foundation, a conservative think tank in Washington.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: DEBATE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2009 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              123 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                                 March 15, 2015

Insured but not covered

SECTION: MARKETS

LENGTH: 1245 words


When Kevin Cumiskey was notified that the price of his family's health insurance
was increasing, he paid extra money.

He did not want to take any risks.

He accepted that he'd have to pay out of pocket to see a specialist or hospital
consultant.

He even accepted having co-payments for the health insurance plan
that he purchased.

But he did not envisage being told that his family's health insurance policy did
not fully cover his young daughter for a relatively basic eye operation in the
private hospital where she was a patient of a consultant ophthalmologist.

The Cumiskyes' policy did not cover the procedure in the Mater Private Hospital,
which is deemed a high-tech hospital.

So Cumiskey decided to call Temple Street
Children's Hospital, in Dublin, where his daughter's consultant also practised.

There, Cumiskey discovered, his family's private health insurance policy was
completely redundant.

The hospital has a common waiting list.

Children with
private health insurance join the same queue as children without private health
insurance.

Cumiskey is understandably frustrated.

I've paid out about EUR 10,000 [in health insurance] over the past five years.

Temple Street confirmed that it has a common waiting list, with a spokeswoman
saying:    Children with private health insurance join the same waiting list as
those without insurance.

And the issue is not limited to paediatric care.

Doctors said they are coming across a growing number of patients who are
insured but not covered  .

They are patients who have bought cheap plans that
solely provide cover in public hospitals, or plans that require considerable
co-payments in standalone private hospitals.

Doctors said the problem was exacerbated by the introduction of the health
insurance 'late entry' levy, which comes into force from the end of next month.

The Lifetime Community Rating is designed to encourage younger customers to take
out health insurance.

It will mean that people over the age of 34 who take out
health insurance for the first time, or after a long break, will face a 2 per
cent per year penalty on the price of their health insurance.

Many are
purchasing cheaper plans.

A health insurance insider who spoke with this newspaper said insurers were
aware that some of these plans were of limited value, but said they provide many
30-40 year olds with an opportunity to get into the market and avoid any loading
that might occur down the line.

According to the Health Insurance Authority, there are 379 plans on the market.

Fifty of those solely cover care in public hospitals.

Consultant ophthalmologist Michael O'Keeffe said it had become a nightmare for
people to understand the level of cover they have.

O'Keeffe and other doctors said the very basic health insurance cover is of
little or no use to people.

They said people are sold these policies with the
view that they have special privileges in public hospitals.

They think they will get a private room or a semi-private bed.

There are no separate lists in public hospitals for private health insurance
policy-holders.

They will have to wait for an appointment and surgery dates like
a public patient,   said O'Keeffe.

If you are on a basic policy, your shortfall for cataract surgery in a private
hospital could be as much as EUR 1,800, or in fact EUR 2,500 in the likes of
Mater Private or Blackrock Clinic.

That is no cover at all, really.

You may as
well be a self-payer,   O'Keeffe said.

According to O'Keeffe, patients do not realise this until they have a
consultation and check with their insurers.

He said many patients become hugely
upset.

Dermot Goode, a health insurance broker with Total Health Cover, said about 15
per cent of people with private health insurance are on these 'public only'
plans.

Consultant neurosurgeon Ciarán Bolger said people were    throwing away their
money   on plans that solely cover treatment in public hospitals.

These cheap plans really annoy me, as they are worthless,   said Bolger.

Bolger operates at Beaumont Hospital and also at the Hermitage Clinic.

He said
he can provide quicker treatment for patients who have a health insurance plan
that covers the Hermitage Clinic - but not all do.

Then they must join a waiting
list at Beaumont.

Bolger said he    did not know of a hospital, or of any consultants, with
separate waiting lists [in public hospitals].

He also said that patients with cheap health insurance plans could find
themselves at a    disadvantage  , as public waiting list initiatives    favour
those without insurance  .

Bolger spoke of the National Purchase Treatment Fund (NPTF) and the Special
Delivery Unit (SDU), which alleviated the pressure on waiting lists in public
hospitals by paying for public patients to be treated in separate private
facilities.

Those initiatives did not look after private patients who may have found
themselves in the same queue, he said.

A consultant who works at Dublin's Mater Misericordiae Hospital said patients
with private health insurance did not receive speedier access.

He said    there
[was] essentially no elective service   at the hospital    as the service is
swamped with trauma and tumour cases.

Appropriately, insurance has no effect on
waiting times for these cases and they are treated based on priority.

Some elective surgery is planned in the Mater because the magnitude of the
surgery necessitates access to the resources of the large teaching hospital.

In
these cases, there is no benefit to having insurance, but this is overwhelmingly
due to the general conditions regarding access in public hospitals,   the
consultant told The Sunday Business Post.

Consultants at various other hospitals said the same.

Anecdotally, there is talk within medical circles of some consultants managing
to prioritise private patients from whom they can make money.

I have heard anecdotal comments in the past about surgeons, in particular,
having a very large percentage of private patients in their admissions
inconsistent with the distribution of private patients in their locality,   one
doctor admitted.

The doctor added that he would not like to    depend on this as a private
patient  .

The
HSE said public and voluntary hospitals are supposed to operate common waiting
lists for patients, irrespectively whether they have health insurance.

Private hospital founder Jimmy Sheehan said the sheer number of    confusing
plans   was    an absolute nightmare   for doctors and patients.

We have given up trying to tell people whether they are covered at Blackrock
[Clinic] and Galway [Clinic], as it is so confusing,   he said.

Sheehan said that patients did not realise they were being sold a pup by health
insurers promoting cheap health insurance plans.

He said that co-payments - for
some health insurance plans - were often prohibitively expensive for patients
seeking care in private hospitals, and that this resulted in some patients with
health insurance being forced back into the public system.

The system is chaotic and people are being treated appallingly,   said Sheehan.

Are they really as bad as the doctors say?

They are,   said health insurance broker Dermot Goode.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Post Publications Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              124 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                       July 12, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Missed 2016 Open Enrollment Period?

Term Health Insurance is Best Option

LENGTH: 379  words


July 12 -- AgileHealthInsurance.com, the Internet's first site dedicated to
helping consumers understand the value of term health insurance, announced today
it has added additional plans for consumers seeking coverage outside of the open
enrollment period.

Open enrollment for 2016 Obamacare coverage ended Jan. 31, 2016, but people can
still enroll in term health insurance.

Term health insurance covers doctor
visits, hospitalization, emergency care and other common medical needs.

Term health insurance represents a distinct category of health insurance that is
generally more affordable than Obamacare plans or COBRA.

The average monthly
premium for term health insurance plans selected on AgileHealthInsurance.com is
less than $100.

Eligibility requirements and flexibility in benefits contribute
to the cost savings realized by consumers.

In addition, term health insurance
plans do not have the same narrow network limitations associated with many
exchange health plans.

Consumers can now compare term health plans from various insurers at
AgileHealthInsurance.com, including UnitedHealthcare, Everest Group, Unified
Life Insurance Co., Companion Life Insurance Co. and Standard Life.

Agile
customers can also enroll in Foundation dental and vision plans underwritten by
Nationwide.

"For people who missed open enrollment and are blocked by the new special
enrollment rules, term health insurance is an excellent option," said Bruce
Telkamp, CEO and co-founder of AgileHealthInsurance.com.

"These plans offer
consumers a broad range of benefit options that help individuals and families
find affordable coverage they can purchase any time of year."

Unlike Obamacare plans, consumer applications are approved or rejected based on
health status, including the nature of pre-existing conditions.

Additionally,
consumers may still be subject to the Obamacare Tax unless they qualify for one
of several exemptions.

However, the lower cost of term health insurance means
that even for some consumers facing the tax penalty, the combination of penalty
and premium is still less expensive than an unsubsidized Obamacare premium.

To learn more about term health insurance, visit AgileHealthInsurance's Learning
Center at www.AgileHealthInsurance.com.

Source: AgileHealthInsurance.com

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              125 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn.

Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 15, 2014 Saturday

Wilson county businesses help navigate Affordable Care Act open enrollment

BYLINE: Xavier Smith, The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 770 words


Nov. 15--Some local medical agencies plan to help ease the mind of folks who may
be confused or unsure about their health care future.

PharmaCare and University Medical Center plan to counsel and assist those who
need guidance when choosing a health care coverage plan under the new Patient
Protection and Affordable Care Act (ACA), known commonly as "Obamacare."

The law, which President Obama signed into effect in 2010, requires Americans to
be covered under a health insurance plan by Feb. 2015.

Anyone who fails to
enroll in one of the several health insurance options by that time would be
subject to penalties by the government, unless the failure is due to certain
circumstances.

The ACA open enrollment period is a time set aside for individuals who are
eligible to enroll in a Qualified Health Plan in the Health Insurance
Marketplace.

The open enrollment period for coverage starting in 2015 is from
Nov. 15 to Feb. 15, 2015.

Beginning Saturday, University Medical Center will help area residents learn
about and enroll in health insurance options on the Health Insurance
Marketplace.

Nearly 10 million uninsured individuals enrolled in a marketplace
plan during the first enrollment wave, but 30 million remain uninsured.

"As a primary health provider in Wilson County, we want to help educate
residents in an easy-to-understand way, as well as assist those who haven't yet
signed up for health insurance or Medicaid, if qualified," said Matt Caldwell,
CEO of University Medical Center.

"During the next few months, we'll be going
out in the community to educate consumers, hosting in-hospital events and
meeting one-on-one to help these individuals find affordable coverage for
themselves and their family."

PharmaCare will provide a free Medicare consultation with a pharmacist to help
seniors pick the best prescription drug plan or Medicare Advantage plan based on
their current list of medications.

The open enrollment period for choosing a Medicare plan is currently ongoing and
will end Dec. 7.

PharmaCare pharmacists will also help citizens by providing information to
compare plans within the ZIP code where residents live and give a printed review
of those plans.

The Health Insurance Marketplace provides citizens access to affordable health
insurance coverage.

In accordance to the ACA, all health plans on the
marketplace must offer a comprehensive set of benefits, and individuals cannot
be denied coverage based on a pre-existing condition.

There are five different
categories of plans, and exact prices vary depending on location, age, household
size and coverage desire.

Bronze plans are designed so that insurance companies will typically pay 60
percent of covered health care expenses with the remaining 40 percent to be paid
by consumers.

The consumer's expenses will be in the form of out-of-pocket fees
over and above the cost of the plan's monthly premium.

Silver plans (standard plans) pay 70 percent of insurance costs, and the gold
plans pay 80 percent.

The platinum plan is the most robust and pays 90 percent of costs and has the
highest premiums.

In all cases, the lower the premium, the higher the deductible
will be.

There's also the catastrophic plan offered only to those 30 and under or those
with the hardship exemption.

These plans contain very basic coverage and have
very narrow provider networks.

People can also apply for Medicaid or the Children's Health Insurance Program
(CHIP) at any time of year.

If the applicants qualify, they can enroll
immediately.

Anyone who can afford health insurance coverage but doesn't sign up may have to
pay a penalty of $325 per adult, $162.50 per child -- up to $975 per family or 2
percent of a family's income, whichever is higher.

However, there are certain exclusions to penalties for not signing up for health
care insurance coverage.

People may qualify for exemption if: they're uninsured for less than 3 months of
the year, the lowest-priced coverage available would be more than 8 percent of
the household income, they're a member of a federally recognized tribe or
eligible for services through an Indian Health Service, and other reasons.

To schedule an appointment with PharmaCare pharmacists, which can be completed
in person or over the phone, call 615-758-4750 and select option 2.

University Medical Center's application counselors can perform the same analysis
and help with the sign-up process.

To make an appointment to meet with an
application counselor, call 615-444-8262, ext.

___ (c)2014 The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn. Visit The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn. at
www.lebanondemocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141115-1LD-Wilson-county-businesses-help-navigate-Affordable-Care-Act-open-enr
ollment-1115-20141115

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LD


                                 Copyright 2014


                              126 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            November 15, 2013 Friday

Medicare Open Enrollment Does Not Include New Health Insurance Exchanges, Says
Attorney With The Hale Law Firm

LENGTH: 380  words


The open enrollment period for Medicare has begun, when beneficiaries can sign
up for private health plans.

However, this should not be confused with the new health insurance exchanges
that also began operations recently.

John D. Hale, a prominent Dallas elder law
attorney, explains the difference.

"During the open enrollment period, which runs from October 15 to December 7,
Medicare beneficiaries may sign up for Medicare Advantage plans and Medicare
Part D prescription drug plans," said Hale.

"The health insurance exchanges, by
contrast, are for people who do not have health insurance, through Medicare or
otherwise."

Hale said there was potential for confusion, because the open enrollment period
for Medicare overlaps with the enrollment period for the health insurance
exchanges, which is from October 1 through March 31.

To add to the confusion,
many health insurance companies have used terms such as "silver," "gold" or
"platinum" for products they make available to Medicare beneficiaries, and now,
such terms are also being used for different health insurance packages available
on the exchanges.

One insurer, SummaCare, has changed the names of its Medicare Advantage plans
from silver and gold to sapphire and emerald, to help reduce confusion.

People on Medicare should make sure they are reviewing Medicare plans, not
marketplace options.

Medicare is not part of the marketplace, and Medicare
beneficiaries can safely ignore the new health insurance exchanges.

Insurance companies are not permitted to sell
policies that duplicate Medicare benefits to Medicare beneficiaries.

What people on Medicare can do during the open enrollment period is shop around
for Medicare Part D prescription drug plans and all-in-one Medicare Advantage
plans.

This may be a good idea if a beneficiary's health or medication has
changed.

Many Part D plans have increased co-payments or premiums, or changed
the pricing tiers for medications.

Medicare beneficiaries can shop for a new
plan or see what their options are by using the Plan Finder at www.medicare.gov
.

"The open enrollment plan is a good time for Medicare beneficiaries to shop
around," said Hale.

"Just remember that there is no need to worry about the new
health insurance exchanges."

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2013 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              127 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                    May 22, 2000 Monday, RT.

9 WEST EDITION

Ware surveys insurance;
 Committee eyes 3 different plans

BYLINE: J.P. Ellery; CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg.

B1

LENGTH: 672 words

DATELINE: WARE



- An ad hoc committee hopes payment incentives will entice some of the town's
full-time employees to change to a lesser-priced health insurance plan -- and
save the town money.

Peter V. Thamel and Roger H. Pariseau, of the Health Insurance Committee, said
in a weekend interview that this is just a vehicle to be used by town
negotiators in pending contract talks with various town employee unions.

The success of the proposed plan is contingent on how many of the town's roughly
250 full-time employees might accept the coverage changes -- and that number is
unknown, they said.

None of this is short-term,'' Mr. Pariseau said.

It's all figured for
long-term'' savings and benefits.

Years ago, Ware town employees were among the first in the region to receive
health insurance paid 90 percent by the town.

Back then, the cost was considered
reasonable, but over the years, health insurance costs have steadily climbed.

Ware officials have for decades looked to bring such expenses down.

Donna L.
Pulchtopek, the selectmen's assistant, said the town's total annual cost for
town employees' health insurance, including retired teachers, is about $1.3
million.

In a report Tuesday to the Board of Selectmen, the ad hoc Health Insurance
Committee recommended the town stay with Blue Cross/Blue Shield health
insurance, but offer employees three Blue Cross plans at differing costs.

Instead of providing just Master Medical, at $689 a month for a family plan, the
committee proposed adding the less-expensive BlueCare Elect and HMO Blue plans.

If younger town employees opted for Blue Care or HMO Blue instead of Master
Medical, Mr. Pariseau said, the town could offer a one-time payment to that
employee of $1,039 to change to BlueCare Elect, or $1,543 to switch to HMO Blue.

Those sums are the town's annual savings per employee for such a switch, the
committee said.

The reason why we thought people might want to do this,'' Mr. Thamel said, is
that ... if you're a younger person in your late 20s or early 30s ... when
people are pretty healthy ... you might want to have more money in your
pocket.''

The committee also recommended paying town employees whose insurance coverage is
provided through a spouse's employer to stay off the town's plan.

The stipend
payment would be 10 percent of the town's annual savings for every year the town
employee remains on a spouse's insurance plan: roughly $600 a year.

RETIREES' BENEFIT

Extending health insurance benefits to all retired town employees also could be
an incentive for present town employees to switch health insurance plans, the
committee said.

At the May 8 annual town meeting, voters approved seeking a special act of the
state Legislature to provide 50 percent town paid health insurance for retired
town employees.

Only retired teachers now get such a benefit in Ware.

In three prior ballot votes over the years, residents had defeated requests to
provide the remaining retired town employees with health insurance; then a
petition by town employees for the legislative act was passed at the recent
annual town meeting.

Mr. Pariseau asked Tuesday that selectmen hold off on petitioning the
Legislature for the special health insurance act.

He said over the weekend that, if town and employee unions work out insurance
savings for Ware, it is hoped that part of that agreement would allow retired
workers to receive 90 percent town-paid health insurance instead of the 50
percent OK'd at the May 9 annual town meeting.

We wanted people to think long-term ... to get some kind of health insurance
once they've retired,'' Mr. Thamel said.

So, you've got to give up something
now if you want to get something later.''

Under the committee's overall plan, selectmen would decide how many years an
employee must work to be eligible for retirees' health insurance, the committee
said.

The committee also recommended that 50 percent town-paid insurance be provided
to a surviving spouse of a town employee or retiree.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2000 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              128 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                       August 30, 2013 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Arch Business: Three Popular Insurance Programs for Those with Pre-Existing
Conditions Ending Soon

LENGTH: 365  words


New Delhi, Aug. 30 -- Effective January 1st, 2014, three of the most popular
methods for providing health insurance coverage for people with pre-existing
conditions will come to an end.

Coverage with two of these health insurance
programs, HIPAA and PCIP, will end on December 31st, and enrollments on the
third "State Continuation" program will be denied after January 1st, 2014.

Individuals currently in these three groups, including those with pre-existing
conditions, are expected to obtain full coverage for their pre-existing
conditions using plans available in the Open Market or on the new Nevada Health
Insurance Exchange.

In the past, it was common for individuals who completed COBRA continuation
coverage from their prior employer to sign-up for an individual HIPAA (Health
Insurance Portability and Accountability Act) health insurance plan.

This Act requires individual health insurance companies to offer their two most
popular plans to those individuals that have completed their COBRA coverage.

The
monthly premiums that the insurance companies charge for HIPAA plans is
restricted by statute, but the general experience for most were high premium
rates.

Effective December 31st, 2013, all HIPAA plans in all states, including Nevada,
will come to an end.

Everyone that has had HIPAA coverage in the past, or will be having their COBRA
coverage terminated in the future, are expected to obtain guaranteed issue
coverage either through the Open Market or through their State Health Insurance
Exchange.

The Pre-Existing Condition Insurance Plan (PCIP) is another method that many
people used since the ACA was enacted for their pre-existing conditions.

PCIP
plans cover a broad range of benefits, including hospital visits, primary and
specialty care, and costs for prescriptions.

PCIP plans have a $2,000 annual
medical deductible, a $500 annual prescription deductible, and they pay 70% of
the in-network medical expenses after the deductible has been satisfied.

All PCIP plans in all states, including Nevada, will terminate on December 31st,
2013.

Members currently enrolled in PCIP are expected to make application for a
new 2014 guaranteed issue individual health insurance plan.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              129 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                       August 30, 2013 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Arch Business: Three Popular Insurance Programs for Those with Pre-Existing
Conditions Ending Soon

LENGTH: 365  words


New Delhi, Aug. 30 -- Effective January 1st, 2014, three of the most popular
methods for providing health insurance coverage for people with pre-existing
conditions will come to an end.

Coverage with two of these health insurance
programs, HIPAA and PCIP, will end on December 31st, and enrollments on the
third "State Continuation" program will be denied after January 1st, 2014.

Individuals currently in these three groups, including those with pre-existing
conditions, are expected to obtain full coverage for their pre-existing
conditions using plans available in the Open Market or on the new Nevada Health
Insurance Exchange.

In the past, it was common for individuals who completed COBRA continuation
coverage from their prior employer to sign-up for an individual HIPAA (Health
Insurance Portability and Accountability Act) health insurance plan.

This Act requires individual health insurance companies to offer their two most
popular plans to those individuals that have completed their COBRA coverage.

The
monthly premiums that the insurance companies charge for HIPAA plans is
restricted by statute, but the general experience for most were high premium
rates.

Effective December 31st, 2013, all HIPAA plans in all states, including Nevada,
will come to an end.

Everyone that has had HIPAA coverage in the past, or will be having their COBRA
coverage terminated in the future, are expected to obtain guaranteed issue
coverage either through the Open Market or through their State Health Insurance
Exchange.

The Pre-Existing Condition Insurance Plan (PCIP) is another method that many
people used since the ACA was enacted for their pre-existing conditions.

PCIP
plans cover a broad range of benefits, including hospital visits, primary and
specialty care, and costs for prescriptions.

PCIP plans have a $2,000 annual
medical deductible, a $500 annual prescription deductible, and they pay 70% of
the in-network medical expenses after the deductible has been satisfied.

All PCIP plans in all states, including Nevada, will terminate on December 31st,
2013.

Members currently enrolled in PCIP are expected to make application for a
new 2014 guaranteed issue individual health insurance plan.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              130 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            December 1, 2015 Tuesday

Health insurance: Things to keep in mind before opting for super top-up plans

BYLINE: Yashish Dahiya

LENGTH: 623  words


We are always worrying about the rising medical costs, irrespective of having a
basic health insurance cover or being covered by the company's group health
insurance scheme.

Haven't you been disturbed by the thought of
your medical cover being insufficient and you running from pillar to post for
paying the bills?

With diseases like dengue and swine flu adding up to the list
and the looming fear of critical illnesses like cancer, it is quite natural to
self-doubt your preparedness to meet such medical emergency situation.

With rising costs of hospitalisation, diagnostic check-ups and treatment, having
a health insurance anywhere below R5 lakh is quite average and often meagre.

On
the other hand, purchasing a health insurance of R5 lakh to R15 lakh will have a
high premium thus putting immense pressure on the family budget.

Ideally, you
need a higher coverage but practically you can't afford the high premium.

Well, it is here that a super-top plan comes to your rescue.

How super-top cover works?

Super top-up resolves this precarious situation and makes health insurance
affordable.

It comes into force as soon as you exhaust your base cover.

It works
over and above a deductible amount.

Let's assume that you have a group health
insurance of R5 lakh.

You are hospitalized and your medical bills costs R8 lakh
then the first R5 lakh will be paid by the group insurance while the remaining
R3 lakh will be borne by your super top-up plan (if you have it, otherwise you
have to pay the amount from your pocket).

What sets super top-up plans apart from top-up plans is that while the latter
takes overall bill amount into consideration, the former would pay only if your
claim amount crosses the threshold limit.

Money saver

Super-top plans are money saver as the premium on these is quite low.

Let's assume you have a base health plan
with Rs lakh sum insured and you intend to enhance it by R10 lakh.

You have
three viable options - take another health plan, increase current sum insured to
R15 lakh or opt for a super top-up plan instead.

Base cover

If you enhance your base health plan with a second health insurance plan, you
will have to pay an additional premium of R9,900 and should you choose to
increase your current sum insured to R15 lakh, you will have to pay around
R9,400 as premium.

In comparison, premium for super top-up plan will be as low
as R1,900.

Needless to say, the latter is a much more
cost-effective while keeping all the benefits intact.

Who are the beneficiaries?

People who want higher health insurance coverage without creating a big dent in
their pockets should consider buying a top-up plan along with the basic
indemnity plan.

If you are covered by group health insurance which has limits on
sum assured then you should consider buying a super top-up plan to secure
yourself from health emergencies.

If you think you can manage medical costs up
to certain limit but will require help if the costs go beyond a threshold then
just buy a super top-up plan.

Check the rules

With super top-up plans you can claim as many as times as you want till you
exhaust the sum assured.

However, it is imperative for you to check the disease
and treatment coverage of these plans.

You don't want to end up buying a super
top-up plan that won't cover the treatment you might undergo in future (as in
case of pre-existing diseases).

Thus, it is important to carefully scrutinise
what an individual plan offers and what are its exclusions.

This will help you
align the right plan to meet your needs.

Make the most of super top-up plans to secure your health at an affordable cost.

n The writer is CEO & co-founder, Policybazaar.com

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              131 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Forward

                                  May 16, 2003

Moral Issue of Our Time: Make Healthcare an American Right

BYLINE: Richard Gephardt;

Rep. Richard Gephardt, a Missouri Democrat, is running for the Democratic
nomination for the 2004 presidential election.

1

LENGTH: 1129 words


In 1972, my 2-year-old son Matt was diagnosed with what doctors said was
terminal cancer.

Ask any father and
he'll tell you how much pride you feel when you're able to soothe your children
and watch them drift off to sleep.

In the
end, we were among the most fortunate in more ways than one.

My law firm had a
health plan, and it was the only way we could afford new and experimental
therapies.

That insurance plan, the talented doctors and nurses, and the grace
of God saved Matt's life.

How can
we, the richest country on this earth, continue to do nothing while 41 million
Americans live without health coverage?

As president, the first bill I will send to Congress will be a law requiring
every employer to offer their employees access to quality coverage, with
employer tax credits covering most of the cost.

I will pay for it by repealing
the tax cuts proposed by President Bush.

My plan is the only plan that provides
guaranteed health insurance coverage to all workers and the peace of mind that
comes with that guarantee.

My plan achieves the twin goals of universal healthcare coverage and significant
immediate economic stimulus to our troubled economy.

The plan uses proven,
existing private and public structures to extend health insurance coverage to
all Americans.

At the same time, the resulting economic stimulus will pump more
than $316 billion into the economy during the first three years.

The plan is
paid for by repealing the Bush tax cut, replacing a failed economic plan with
universal healthcare and demonstrable economic stimulus.

Employers who currently don't offer health insurance would be required to offer
a quality health plan, and they'd receive a refundable tax credit equaling 60%
of the full cost of the premium - a tax credit they'd pass through completely to
their employees in the form of health insurance.

And for those employers who
currently do offer health insurance, my plan replaces the existing tax deduction
with a 60% refundable tax credit - a tax credit on the employer's share of the
premium.

One hundred percent of the credit would pay for employee health
insurance costs.

"Refundable" means the employer will receive the credit,
whether or not they're making a profit.

And the benefits to workers are many.

Under my plan, employers who already offer health insurance would see an
immediate reduction in their overhead.

The economic stimulus would result in
billions of dollars in increased wages and benefits, more money in the pockets
of the average family, and more jobs.

Under my plan, a working family of four
that currently has employer-based health insurance coverage would receive an
annual increase in wage and benefits of $1,800.

My plan is the right way to
stimulate the economy - not knee-jerk tax cuts that do nothing but pay off
George W. Bush's wealthy campaign contributors while killing economic growth.

Adding millions of Americans to the ranks of the insured means more preventive
care, far fewer trips to the emergency room and lower healthcare costs for
everyone.

It means we will eliminate the cost of uncompensated care that
currently burdens our system and reduce health premium rates.

My plan would also allow individuals between the ages of 55 and 64 to buy into
Medicare coverage at no cost to the federal government.

We'll subsidize 65% of
the cost of COBRA health insurance for the unemployed.

We'll subsidize low-wage
workers who are below or near the poverty line who can't afford their share of
the premium.

And we'll modify the SCHIP Program for uninsured low-income
children, expanding it to include their parents, and expanding efforts to find
those families that qualify.

My healthcare plan leaves no American on their own to bear the financial burden
of catastrophic healthcare costs.

Rather than pass judgment on those who would seek our help, we should be seeking
every possible means to preserve the dignity and honor of those who are less
fortunate.

We'll also be helping federal, state and local governments, as well as insurance
companies, crawl out from under the $30 billion to $40 billion they spend every
year on uncompensated care.

These regressive costs force up state and local
taxes, and force up our premiums.

Removing these costs from the system benefits
us all.

Far too many employers are failing to provide health insurance because the tax
deduction doesn't come close to covering the cost of the insurance premiums.

As
a result, millions of American families are left without health insurance.

Some will say my plan rewards companies that haven't been offering health
insurance.

The fact is, those companies are receiving no economic benefit.

It
will be passed through directly to their employees - who make up a majority of
the uninsured.

Some will say that this is a giveaway to corporate America and a tax increase on
working families.

Or they will argue that we're spending billions of tax dollars
to insure workers who already have health insurance.

Those people are missing
three important points.

First, my plan requires employers to spend 100% of the tax credit for employee
health insurance coverage.

Second, my plan is a greater value to working
families than the Bush tax cuts.

Not only will my plan provide working families
with guaranteed health coverage, it will provide stimulus that will put more
money in the pockets of every working American.

Third, any universal health plan
must not only address those who do not have health insurance; it must also
address those who are moments away from losing health insurance coverage because
an employer decides to reduce or eliminate coverage.

This is a bold, innovative idea that can work - an idea that can bridge a canyon
of fear and illness and cover everyone in America with health insurance, and
jump-start the economy at the same time.

Healthy workers are productive workers.

When my son Matt was sick, I remember the nights we spent in the hospital
waiting room talking to the parents of another patient - a child with severe
cancer from a family that couldn't afford health insurance.

Those parents didn't
know what to do.

As long as I live, I will never
forget the terror in their eyes.

In this country of plenty, it should never be
this way.

Access to quality health coverage is the moral issue of our time.

As president,
I will work hard everyday to get it done.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2003 The Forward Association, Incorporated
                              All Rights Reserved


                              132 of 999 DOCUMENTS



               The Dickey County Leader (Ellendale, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 15, 2015

NDSU Offers Health Insurance Workbook

BYLINE: The Dickey County Leader staff

LENGTH: 277  words


The North D.kota State University Extension Service has a helpful Smart Choice
Health Insurance Workbook available to assist consumers as they make important
health insurance plan choices.

"Many consumers may be uncomfortable or feel overwhelmed when it comes to making
decisions about health insurance coverage," says Lori Scharmer NDSU Extension
Service family economics specialist "The workbook is designed to help consumers
make the best choice for their unique situations."

The workbook is available at http://www.ag.ndsu.edu/money.

The annual opportunity for uninsured individuals to enroll in private insurance
coverage and sign up for premium tax credits and cost sharing subsidies is now
through Feb. 15, 2015.

This also is the time that those people who were newly
insured in 2014 can renew their health plan coverage and subsidies.

An increasing number of North Dakotans are expected to enroll or renew policies
in health insurance plans during this open enrollment period.

"However, there are a few key dates consumers should be aware of when planning
their health insurance purchases for next year," Scharmer says.

Under the Affordable Care Act, uninsured individuals generally may enroll in
private, non group coverage Paris or change plans only during open enrollment.

Jan. 1, 2015, is the earliest coverage can begin for a plan bought during the
open enrollment period.

People with qualifying events, such as getting married or having a baby, can
enroll in a health insurance plan at any time.

Consumers may purchase a qualifying health insurance plan through the federal
marketplace at http://www.healthcare.gov' or through an insurance company or
agent.

Copyright 2015 The Dickey County Leader


                              133 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             March 27, 2011 Sunday

Health insurance changes coming // Budget stake could spear 131 jobs

BYLINE: Nick Kotsopoulos

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg.

B2

LENGTH: 916 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


COLUMN: POLITICS AND THE CITY

One way or another, health insurance for Worcester's municipal employees seems
destined for major change.

That's because the fiscal 2012 municipal budget will largely be shaped by
whether City Manager Michael V. O'Brien is able to fully implement a plan he has
come up with to lower the city's budget-choking health insurance costs.

If he is unable to do so, he said, he will have no choice but to include 131
municipal employee layoffs in his fiscal 2012 budget proposal, which he plans on
presenting to the City Council in late April.

Those layoffs would include 46
police officers, including 10 superior officers, plus 45 firefighters and 40
employees in the Department of Public Works and Parks.

Even if the city's collective bargaining groups don't buy into the city
manager's health insurance plan at this time, it doesn't mean that the status
quo for health insurance will be maintained.

Municipal employees could very well
end up in a plan similar to what the manager has proposed not too far down the
road, only that plan would be administered by the state and there would be no
local control.

"We have worked together on incremental reforms to change the provision of
employee health care to date, but it is clear our pace of reforms is far
outstripped by these skyrocketing costs," Mr. O'Brien said.

"It is a law of
diminishing returns at work, with attrition of positions and continued services
cuts and more on the horizon.

There are realistic and reasonable solutions
before us to save jobs and services."

Because the soaring cost of employee health insurance has put such a
stranglehold on the municipal budgets in Worcester and many other communities,
efforts are under way at the state level to provide municipalities with some
relief from those costs.

Deval L. Patrick's employee health care bill would require municipalities
and their unions to develop changes in their health insurance plans similar to
the state's health insurance pool administered by the Group Insurance
Commission.

If such agreements could not be brokered between municipalities and their
unions, then they would be required to join the state Group Insurance Commission
and all local control would be lost.

Another bill before the Legislature, meanwhile, would grant cities and towns
universal authority to modify their health insurance plan designs, including
co-pays and deductibles.

The problem is that the Legislature probably won't enact any health insurance
reforms until it wraps up its work on the state budget in late June.

But
Worcester's city manager can't wait that long; Mr. O'Brien has to come out with
his fiscal 2012 budget proposal by May 1 and the open enrollment for employee
health insurance begins next month.

Compounding the problem is the fact that the city is currently facing a $7
million shortfall in its fiscal 2012 budget.

That means that between now and May
1, Mr. O'Brien has to find a way to wipe out that huge shortfall.

Because he cannot afford to wait for the Legislature to act, Mr. O'Brien and his
administration have developed a new health insurance plan, in partnership with
local health care providers.

The new plan includes an innovative local health care network designed
specifically for city employees.

It incorporates provider discounts and an
improved medical management program that gives employees access to high-quality
health insurance providers.

Mr. O'Brien said the plan mirrors the state's GIC, but it maintains local
control.

He said the plan would include lower premiums for the city and
employees.

In turn, however, employees would have to pay deductibles and tiered
co-payments that are similar to those in GIC health plans and higher than what
they pay now.

Last week, Mr. O'Brien announced he is moving all municipal employees not
represented by a collective bargaining group into that new health plan,
effective July 1.

The movement of those 630 employees off traditional health
insurance plans to a GIC-like health plan is expected to save the non-school
side of the municipal government up to $500,000.

Mr. O'Brien said if all other city-side employees were to agree to move into
that plan it would reduce the city's fiscal 2012 deficit by $5 million.

In
addition, the Worcester public schools would avoid cost increases in the range
of $7 million to $8 million, he said.

Several city councilors have praised the city manager for taking such a
pro-active approach to save as many municipal jobs as possible.

"I'm impressed by the creativity in trying to deal with this huge problem we
have regarding health insurance increases," said District 3 Councilor Paul P.
Clancy Jr.

Mayor Joseph C. O'Brien said while he is encouraged by the manager's proposal,
he urged caution in moving forward with the process.

"I think we all agree that no one wants to see fewer police officers out on the
streets, fewer firefighters on (fire) trucks or fewer teachers in classrooms,"
Mayor O'Brien said.

"But we need to get everyone back to the table so there can
be open discussions with our unions about this."

City Manager O'Brien, meanwhile, said he has already had discussions about his
plan with the leadership of the city-side municipal unions and the Insurance
Advisory Committee, and is willing to discuss it further with them.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: One way or another, health insurance for Worcester's municipal
employees seems destined for major change.

That's because the fiscal 2012 municipal
budget will largely be shaped by whether City Manager Michael V. O'Brien is able
to fully implement a plan he has come up with to lower the city's budget-choking
health insurance costs.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              134 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Janesville Gazette (Wisconsin)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 13, 2017 Monday

Janesville School Board to consider health insurance benefits

BYLINE: Catherine W. Idzerda, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 406 words


Feb. 13--JANESVILLE -- School district employees likely will pay more for health
insurance, but how much more is up for debate.

At Tuesday's school board meeting, the board will consider two health insurance
proposals.

The first proposal would require the district to pay 88 percent of the total
cost of insurance per district employee.

The second would require the district
to pay 75 percent of the assumed 5 percent health insurance cost increase.

The decisions comes at a time when Gov.

Scott Walker has proposed $649 million
in new money for schools, but only if school districts require their employees
to pay 12 percent of their health care costs.

Act 10, the 2011 law that stripped most public employee unions of their
bargaining rights, required that teachers and other public union employees on
the state health insurance plan pay at least 12 percent of the costs.

The new
proposal would require teachers and other public union employees to pay at least
12 percent of the health insurance costs, even if they aren't on state
insurance.

Janesville district employees have been paying a smaller percentage, but they
will reach the 12 percent mark during the 2017-2018 school year, Superintendent
Karen Schulte told the Associated Press.

Here's what the two increases will mean for district employees and taxpayers:

Plan one: The district contributes 88 percent of the cost of health insurance
per employee.

Rates would increase between $7 and $9 monthly for the least expensive plan,
which covers the employee only.

Family plan rates would increase between $21 and $29 monthly for the most
expensive plan.

Two other plans, employee/spouse and employee/child or children, would increase
$13 and $24 a month, respectively.

The plan would cost the school district an estimated $10.6 million a year, or
about $389,800 more than this year's plans.

Plan two: The district absorbs 75 of the expected 5 percent health insurance
cost increase.

Rates would increase between $5 and $7 a month for the single employee plan and
between $16 and $24 a month for a family plan.

The employee/spouse and employee/child or children plan would increase $10 and
$17 a month, resepctively.

The plan would cost the district an estimated $10.63 million, or about $432,000
more than this year's plans.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170213-JG-Janesville-School-Board-to-consider-health-insurance
-benefits-20170213

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JG


                     Copyright 2017 The Janesville Gazette


                              135 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               Sunday Independent

                                  May 10, 2015
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Are health cash plans worth paying for?

10

LENGTH: 559 words


THE May Day private health insurance deadline has passed.

Most of those aged 34
or over who did not sign up to insurance before then will have to pay more for
cover now.

Health cash plans aren't affected by the recent health insurance
changes - so the cost of these will be the same as before.

But are they worth
the money?

The first thing to understand is that health cash plans are not
health insurance.

Instead, they are designed to cover your everyday medical
expenses such as GP, dental, optical and physiotherapy bills.

Cash plans are not the solution if you want full cover for hospital bills,
access to private hospital services - or if you are worried about bypassing
public hospital queues.

So if hospital treatment is your priority, you need to
have either good private health insurance in place or a large wad of cash on
deposit that you can draw on if needed.

Cash plans are, however, worth considering if you can't afford private health
insurance or if you're happy to rely on the public system for hospital
treatment.

You can buy cash plans from VHI Healthcare, Laya Healthcare and GloHealth - as
well as the specialist provider, HSF Health Plan.

The HSF 'Extra Cover Schemes' provide the best value as most benefits are fully
covered up to the policy limit.

Take the Family Direct (FDA) scheme at (EURO)678
per family.

This covers all optical and dental costs up to (EURO)500;
physiotherapy and other practitioners up to (EURO)700 and all specialist visits,
scans, and health screening up to (EURO)1,100.

This plan also gives you (EURO)80 for every night spent in hospital up to 40
nights per person, per year.

So, if you're looking to cover the (EURO)75 public
hospital charge in addition to all the other benefits, this plan potentially
ticks the box.

As the cost of basic health insurance is approximately
(EURO)1,000 for a family with few of the above benefits included, it's food for
thought.

Like any insurance product, there are pitfalls with cash plans.

Waiting periods
apply for pre-existing conditions just like health insurance.

However, if you
are cancelling your health insurance and you transfer to a HSF health plan, you
will be covered immediately.

Otherwise, certain benefits such as dental, optical and GP cover kick in after
three months - though there are often promotions where the initial waiting
period is waived for all new members.

There is also a waiting period to be
served before the maternity or adoption grant will apply.

Like any insurance
product, examine the terms and conditions of the plan and check everything in
advance of any treatment.

Given that 300,000 people have left private health insurance, health cash plans
have become more popular.

Unlike health insurance, the cost remains fairly
static and everyone benefits even if they only have one expense over the year.

With cash plans, you should be able to access primary care services and get an
early diagnosis rather than waiting months for an appointment while you worry or
suffer in the interim.

In many cases, your condition might be treatable on an
out-patient basis and a hospital admission may not even be necessary.

The really
smart consumers are integrating mid-level health insurance with a quality health
cash plan to give themselves the best overall cover without overspending.

Dermot Goode is health cover analyst with www.totalhealthcover.ie

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SDI


             Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              136 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                    September 26, 2013 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

UCSF: Andrew Bindman: ACA's Impact at State and National Level

LENGTH: 912  words


New Delhi, Sept. 26 -- Andrew Bindman, MD, professor in the UCSF Department of
Medicine and the UCSF Philip R. Lee Institute for Health Policy, worked as a
staff member in Congress to help draft provisions in the Affordable Care Act.

He
currently is involved in implementing the law and evaluating its impact as a
senior advisor to the Assistant Secretary for Planning and Evaluation in the
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services in Washington and as the director
of the California Medicaid Research Institute in California.

Recent polls show that many Americans don't understand the Affordable Care
Act (ACA), including the health insurance exchanges, and are uncertain how they
will benefit.

Is that a concern?

The ACA is a very large law with hundreds of provisions, so it isn't surprising
that many Americans don't fully understand it.

Different aspects of the law are
relevant for different groups of people.

What is most important is that
Americans have an ability to understand the parts that are relevant for them.

Health insurance exchanges, or Marketplaces, are one of the new ideas in the
law.

Marketplaces have the potential to simplify the search for health insurance
and to create competition among sellers of health insurance, but they are not
intended to be the method by which the majority of Americans will obtain
insurance coverage.

These Marketplaces will have open enrollment starting
October 1, 2013, through March 31, 2014, with a start date of the coverage
beginning as early as January 1, 2014.

State and federal officials are supporting a number of organizations to help
spread the word and to serve as navigators to help those who could benefit from
the Marketplace to understand how to use it.

How do the health insurance exchanges work with Medicaid and Medicare?

The Marketplace does not apply to those covered by Medicaid (what we call
Medi-Cal in California), Medicare, or who obtain their health insurance coverage
from an employer.

Health insurance exchanges are designed as a Marketplace for individuals seeking
to purchase private insurance for themselves and their family.

It is estimated that about 25 million Americans will be eligible to purchase
health insurance from a Marketplace and as many as 20 million of those are
expected, based on their income, to qualify for a federal subsidy to help them
and their family purchase their health insurance through a Marketplace.

Individuals who are eligible for Medi-Cal or Medicare are ineligible for the
federal subsidy to purchase health insurance through a state or federal
Marketplace.

What do you think consumers need to know and/or misunderstand about the
exchanges?

Not all health plans available for individuals to purchase today will be
available beyond 2013 or for purchase through Marketplaces.

In some cases, these
plans will be terminated because they do not meet the minimum standards of
health insurance coverage that will be applied to health plans beginning in
2014.

Beginning in 2014, individuals may elect to purchase private health insurance
outside of a Marketplace; however, the available information about plans and
prices from California's Marketplace (Covered California) suggests that most
individual consumers of health insurance will be able to save money by
purchasing it through the Marketplace.

Do you think the exchanges will make the health care market more competitive?

There are a few key aspects of health insurance exchanges that will promote
competition in the health insurance marketplace.

First, consumers purchasing a health plan through a Marketplace are given
assurances that these plans meet basic standards for quality, consumer
protections and provider availability.

Second, Marketplaces require that health insurance products be categorized
according to standards that will allow consumers to do simple comparison
shopping.

By providing information about the plans' quality, benefits,
providers, premiums, co-payments and deductibles in a side-by-side manner using
simple terms, Marketplaces can help consumers to make the sorts of choices they
make when shopping for other products.

Finally, individuals eligible to purchase health insurance through a Marketplace
are guaranteed the opportunity to purchase the plan they choose - plans cannot
refuse to provide coverage based on an individual's pre-existing condition.

What do you see as the future of the health insurance exchanges, especially
for states that opted out of establishing ones this year?

Many experts around
the country regard California as a leader in how it has set up its Marketplace
to support consumer choice and buying power.

States that do not choose to create and run their own Marketplace can either
partner with the federal government to run some Marketplace functions or have a
Marketplace established and operated by the federal government.

The ACA requires that there be a Marketplace for all eligible Americans in all
50 states and the District of Columbia.

States that do not initially choose to
create and run their own Marketplaces, may revisit that decision based on the
experience of the states that do so, but it may become more challenging for them
to establish their own Marketplace because the federal resources the ACA made
available for them to do this will expire.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              137 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Irish Daily Mail

                              June 12, 2017 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

Older people overpaying (EURO)1,000 on health plans;
Expert says policyholders must review premiums for better deal

BYLINE: Christian McCashin

SECTION: NEWS; Pg.

4

LENGTH: 580 words


PEOPLE aged over 60 are more likely to be overpaying for private health premiums
by as much as (EURO)1,000 a year, a leading insurance expert has estimated.

Health insurance companies can not charge older customers with higher premiums
as age related charging is not allowed in Ireland.

According to Dermot Goode, a leading health insurance consultant many older
policy holders don't review their plans each year and risk being on an
overpriced plan for what their actual needs and requirements are.

'It's a real issue now that so many older members, particularly long-term loyal
policyholders, continue to pay more than they should for health insurance,' said
Mr Goode.

'The issue here is that for one reason or another people are staying on the same
plan for too long.'

'When it comes to health insurance, people should review
their plan every year just as they would home or car insurance.

'But they don't and this can be a costly mistake,' added Mr Goode.

Mr Goode said that many older people in Ireland are on dated plans that have
been on the market for as long as 10 to 25 years, which means they are very
expensive.

'While health insurance is community rated in theory, where everyone pays the
same, the reality is that older people, over 60, typically pay (EURO)2,000 to
(EURO)2,500 each or double what their younger counterparts pay simply because
they don't review their cover properly', Mr Goode said.

An analysis by health insurance company www.Totalhealthcover.ie of its customers
has revealed some common themes that its policyholders have: ÷Older people
invariably pay more than any other age group - often between 30%-50% more.

÷Older people are more likely to be unaware of the availability of corporate
plans ÷When asked about changing, the majority of older members are unaware that
the legislation protects them fully in terms of not having to re-serve waiting
periods and continuity of cover for equivalent benefits.

÷Many also mistakenly believe that age loadings may apply if they switch.

However, younger to middle age health insurance policyholders are more savvy
when it comes to shopping around for a better priced deal on policies.

This younger group tends to be paying between (EURO)900 to (EURO)1,500 on health
insurance per year.

And many younger people are still opting for the cheaper entry level plans which
don't offer fully comprehensive cover or health insurance plans that best suits
their needs.

Mr Goode said: 'The figures demonstrate the fact that, for the most part,
Ireland's pensioners are effectively paying double for health insurance.'

'Older
people are more comfortable remaining with the same provider and/or plan because
it's a case of ''better the devil you know''.

'Many are overly cautious about switching.

The myriad of terms and conditions
that accompany plans, coupled with the fact that there are literally hundreds of
plans on the market, just serve to compound the challenge for them.'

He added
that comparing and selecting a new and better value plan 'can be a daunting
task.'

'Trying to understand the various plans and many people simply don't have
the confidence to make a change - even if it will save them serious money.'

Health insurance company www.Totalhealthcover.ie said that in 2016 the number of
health insurance premiums in Ireland increased between 10-20%.

And the company said that 2017 has already seen policy holders bear the brunt of
a further raft of levy increases.

news@dailymail.ie

'Pensioners are paying double'

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DML


          Copyright 2017 Irish Daily Mail - Associated Newspapers Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              138 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 29, 2013 Thursday

County considers new insurance plan for employees

BYLINE: Amanda Seitz, Hamilton JournalNews, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 458 words


Aug. 29--BUTLER COUNTY -- Officials here are looking to offer employees
different health insurance plan options next year to drive down rising costs and
save money for taxpayers.

The county is bracing for a $1 million increase in health insurance expenses,
and Butler County Commissioners are working on a formula to split those costs
between county employees and taxpayers.

To offset rising health insurance costs, county commissioners Thursday
considered a new, $2,500 high-deductible plan for employees to select.

The plan
would still drive up costs by about $210,000 for the county and pass on a
collective $777,000 in cost increases to employees.

The county will spend $11.6
million on health insurance costs this year, according to county documents.

The county has tried to shop for a new health insurance provider in hopes of
lowering its costs, but five major health insurance companies have either
declined to be a provider or offered up services at a 30 percent to 35 percent
rate increase.

Those companies have cited the county's claims experience as an issue, said
Marcia Ryan, a representative from health benefits company Horan, who spoke to
the commissioners during Thursday's work session.

"For every dollar collected, $1.20 is going out," Ryan said of the county's high
rate of insurance claims.

The Hamilton JournalNews/Middletown Journal first reported last week that a
county employee had filed a record-breaking $5 million health insurance claim
within the last year through the county's provider, the County Employee Benefits
Consortium of Ohio.

The claim will stay on the county's record for 15 months.

Introducing a high-deductible plan for county employees to select would lower
health insurance costs and give employees more out-of-pocket costs in favor of a
lower month premium.

Employees would still have access to low-deductible plans
for a higher cost under the plan commissioners are considering.

Ryan said the high-deductible plan would likely attract younger, single workers
who don't have high medical bills.

"The high deductible, low cost plan, could benefit our employees here,"
Commissioner Cindy Carpenter said.

The county is also considering a few additional charges for employees to
generate revenue to pay for the plans in 2014 or 2015.

Commissioners could select to charge an extra $50 for smokers who are on the
health insurance plan.

A $100 monthly charge for spouses who join the county
health insurance plan is also an option commissioners are considering for this
year or next.

Commissioners must finalize the health plan options for 2014 by Oct. 4.

___ (c)2013 the Hamilton JournalNews (Hamilton, Ohio) Visit the Hamilton
JournalNews (Hamilton, Ohio) at www.journal-news.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130829-HL-County-considers-new-insurance-plan
-for-employees-0829-20130829

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HL


                        Copyright 2013 The Journal-News


                              139 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 13, 2013 Sunday

City health center helps residents enroll in state health insurance exchange

BYLINE: Johanna Somers, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 622 words


Oct. 13--NEW LONDON -- Waterford resident Marlene Emma brought her mother to the
Community Health Center of New London Saturday for a checkup and was told she
should learn more about "Obamacare" while she was there.

She stepped into the center's conference room, where about 15 residents were
learning about or signing up for coverage under the new Connecticut health
insurance exchange.

She said wanted to know what health insurance plan she would
qualify for based on her net weekly salary of $240.

Community Health Center Inc. held a health insurance exchange enrollment fair on
Saturday morning at the New London site.

The nonprofit will be offering more
group sign-up sessions and individual sessions through March 31.

The goal is to get as many people signed up by Dec. 15 so they can have health
insurance by Jan. 1, which is the earliest someone can be insured under the
federal Affordable Care Act.

If someone without health insurance doesn't sign up
by March 31, he or she will be charged a penalty of 1 percent of his or her
annual income or $95, whichever is greater for the first year.

The penalty
increases the following year.

Access Health CT, the quasi-public state agency assigned with setting up the
marketplace under the federal Affordable Care Act, offers plans at the bronze,
silver and gold levels by three providers: Anthem, ConnectiCare and HealthyCT.

The bronze level is considered the cheapest because it has the lowest monthly
premium.

But the bronze plan also has the highest annual deductible.

A person
who is healthy and doesn't plan on going to the hospital might choose the bronze
plan, said Stefan Kostolitz, outreach and eligibility associate for the
Community Health Center.

The gold plan has the highest monthly premium but a low deductible, and the
silver plan lies in the middle.

The silver and gold plans have been the most popular, said Marie Yardis, manager
of access to care for Community Health Center.

Emma, 52, who had brought her mother to the center Saturday for a checkup, said
she wanted to only research the plan because her new job might provide her with
health insurance.

Based on the data she entered into www.AccessHealthCT.com, her
monthly premium would be $72 to $120 depending, on which provider she chose.

Emma earns $240 a week after taxes as a housekeeper for a nursing home in
Waterford.

"I learned about the plan, and I think I like it, but I have to go and check my
job and make the decision," Emma said.

"But I think I am going for this one,
yes."

Patricia Madry, 63, of New London, who earns $38,000 annually as the manager of
the New London Community Meal Center, was also at the enrollment fair Saturday.

Based on the website's calculations, she said her health insurance premium would
be $300 a month under the gold plan instead of $589 a month under the Charter
Oak Health Plan offered to low-income adults in Connecticut.

The Charter Oak
Health Plan will end on Dec. 31.

Dr. Margaret Flinter, senior vice president at Community Health Center, said she
appreciated the "tremendous diversity" she saw at the enrollment fair.

"This is the picture of America, every race, color, creed, nationality,
different ages, people just trying to do the right thing and get health
insurance coverage for their families," Flinter said.

She said the community center frequently sees people who are working multiple
jobs but don't have access to health insurance.

From a clinical viewpoint, "the
health insurance exchange just brings a level of sanity to the whole thing," she
said.

j.somers@theday.com

___ (c)2013 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131013-NL-City-health-center-helps-residents-enroll-in-state-
health-insurance-exchange-1013-20131013

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2013 The Day


                              140 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                            October 30, 2005, Sunday

Medical, health insurance option..ZO: B -All Region

SECTION: ;Insuring life; Pg.

12

LENGTH: 694 words


BRENDA always believed she led a healthy lifestyle.

She exercised three
times a week, watched what she ate, quit smoking years ago, yet at 48,
she was diagnosed with lung cancer.

Fortunately, she had bought a critical illness policy, ensuring that
her treatment and hospital stay would be as comfortable as possible.

It is quite common to flip through
the newspapers and read of appeals for funds by unfortunate individuals
who can't afford to pay for life-saving medical procedures.

The fact is, medical treatment is becoming more expensive by the day as
sicknesses become more complicated.

The public health care bill is ballooning, keeping pace with inflation
and population growth.

In 2004, the Government spent RM9 billion -
amounting to two per cent of the country's gross domestic product.

As health care becomes more costly, the health care burden has to be
shared.

For consumers, aside from saving for medical expenses, medical and
health insurance is another option.

Medical and health insurance is an option more consumers are turning to
as cost of health care escalates.

In 2003, annual premiums for medical and health insurance business
breached RM1 billion and it continues to grow - in the last four years,
it grew at an average rate of 20 per cent per year.

Last year, premiums for this sector amounted to RM1.35 billion,
representing six per cent of the industry's total premiums.

While illnesses are not something anyone would like to dwell on, it
makes sense to think ahead and be prepared financially, at least so that
when illness strikes, you have one less issue to worry about.

Although a doctor's duty is to provide medical attention to everyone,
good medical and health insurance makes a major difference in paying for
the health care and services you receive.

Depending on what you can afford, with health insurance, you can decide
the level of health care you receive instead of leaving everything to
chances.

Be prepared so that you can
avoid a heart attack when you see the medical bills!

Broadly, there are four types of medical and health insurance plans in
Malaysia.

They are group health insurance; hospitalisation benefit plan; hospital
and surgical plan; and critical illness plan.

Most companies provide group health insurance for employees.

Some plans
cover employees' immediate family as well.

For those whose employers provide medical and health cover, it may be a
good idea to find out how much is the coverage.

Do you think you need
additional coverage?

Besides, what happens when you leave the company?

Hospitalisation benefit plans pay policyholders a fixed amount on a per
night basis for the duration of their stay in the hospital regardless of
what the hospital bill comes up to.

Furthermore, the plan pays the amount even if you already have other
form of health insurance plans.

Those who are covered by their employers' group health insurance may
consider hospitalisation benefit plans.

Hospital and surgical plans pay the entire hospital and surgical bills.

Such plans are suitable for those who do not have any form of group
health and medical insurance.

Bear in mind, however, you can't claim on another hospital and surgical
insurance plan if you already claimed on another similar plan.

A critical illness plan pays the policyholder a lump sum upon the
diagnosis of any of the critical illnesses covered or in the even of an
accident.

This plan is popular as more people become aware of the common major
diseases such as various cancers and heart diseases.

How do you know which plan is most suitable for you?

Only you can
decide, but you can ask for your agent's advice.

Start by asking what
your needs are and whether any existing individual or group policy caters
to those needs?

Consider your medical history too.

There are
various classes of benefits with varying premiums.

This article is brought to you by the Life Insurance Association of
Malaysia


LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2005 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                              141 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The Straits Times

Health insurance covers peace of mind

                                 March 27, 1994


WITH the current interest in health care sparked off by the announcement of the
new Medishield Plus, it becomes all the more evident that health insurance is
something not to be overlooked.

Although you may already be covered by your company's benefits plan, or are
considering the Medishield Plus, the question remains: Is your coverage enough
and will you need more?

Your needs

What are the various types of health insurance plans and how much do you need?

The range is wide with various insurance companies packaging their products
differently.

If your main concern is coping with the medical bills of short-term
hospitalisation and surgery, and that the general level of medical benefits
provided by your employer is insufficient, then you could consider "topping up"
your medical benefits with either a hospital and surgical plan, or a hospital
daily cash plan.

However, if the thought of a serious illness requiring prolonged medical
treatment is your worry, then you should consider a catastrophic medical plan or
a living assurance plan.

Hospital and surgical plan

With the basic hospital and surgical (HAS) plan, the health insurance company
reimburses expenses for surgery and hospitalisation charges such as daily ward
charges, consultation fees, X-ray and other diagnostic test fees and
post-hospitalisation treatment.

Depending on the amount of premiums you pay, such expenses are subject to
specified limits for different categories.

Should you have more than one health
insurance plan, for example, Medishield or a private plan from another company,
your claims from all the sources cannot exceed the total expenses incurred.

Basically, if you decide to buy a HAS plan, find one with benefits and limits
that combine with your company's benefits scheme to provide adequate coverage,
keeping in mind that higher benefits limits would require higher premiums.

Hospital daily cash benefit plan

With the hospital daily cash benefit (HB) plan, fixed cash benefit is provided
for each day of stay in the hospital, regardless of your actual medical
expenses.

The benefit amount will depend on the daily cash benefit insured.

The advantages of HB plans are that they are easy to understand and the claim
proceeds can be used to help cover incidental expenses such as travel and
accommodation, which a HAS plan will not reimburse.

Catastrophic medical plan

A catastrophic medical insurance plan (CMI) reimburses all or part of your
expenses in excess of the first $ X, called the deductible.

In the event of a claim, the deductible is the minimum amount you have to pay
before the insurance company will make any benefit payments to you.

With major
illnesses that require prolonged treatment such as cancer or kidney failure, CMI
can help by reimbursing some or all of the excess expenditure.

Living assurance

The living assurance plan, on the other hand, is designed to give you financial
protection should any common major illness occur.

The range of illnesses covered
varies with companies.

These usually include heart attack, coronary heart
by-pass, cancer, kidney failure, major organ transplant, stroke, et cetera.

Under such a plan, a fixed lump sum is paid upon diagnosis of a major illness.

The added advantage is that it allows you to use the money (living benefit)
however you wish.

Should you not suffer any illness, the plan still works like a whole life
insurance policy, covering you for as long as you live.

In the event of total
and permanent disability before the age of 60 years, you will still be covered.

Premiums

Most health insurance plans are renewable every year, with the premiums
increasing with age.

For living assurance plans, premiums are fixed at the time
you take up the policy and they remain constant throughout the premium-paying
period of the insurance period.

THERE is a tendency for people to rely on their MediSave account to pay for
their medical expenses.

However, it is advisable to conserve the MediSave
account to be used after retirement as medical insurance is not readily
available for persons at that age.

Taking out health insurance when you are young and healthy has the advantage in
that you will probably obtain insurance cover for all conditions (except for
standard exclusions).

This full coverage will continue even if your health
deteriorates in later years, as long as the policy is renewed continuously.

Health insurance ensures that should you become seriously ill, you can still
have peace of mind, knowing that your medical expenses are taken care of.

Medishield vs Private Health Insurance Plans

Medishield/Medishield Plus <> Lower premiums <> Premiums can be paid through
MediSave <> There is a deductible/co-insurance * <> Coverage up to 70 years old

* Deductible in the amount of expenses that the patient must bear before he
becomes eligible for benefit payment under the insurance * Co-insurance means
that the insured pay a specified percentage of all the eligible medical expenses
(in excess of a deductible, if any).

Private Health Insurance Plans ** <> Relatively higher premiums <> Premiums must
be paid in cash <> No deductible/co-insurance under most plans <> Coverage for
up to 75 years under some plans

* Plans vary from company to company

Example 1

How Medishield Works Total medical costs incurred ...  $ 10,000 Deductible (B
class ward) ...  $ 4,000 Remaining amount to be paid ...  $ 6,000

Co-insurance feature You pay 20% of $ 6,000 = $ 1,200 Medishield pays 80% of $
6,000 = $ 4,800 You pay a total of $ 5,200 ($ 4,000 + $ 1,200) and Medishield
pays $ 4,800.

Example 2

How Private Health Insurance works a) Assume the maximum limit payable is $
10,000 Total medical costs incurred ... $ 10,000 Deductible (B class ward) ...
Nil Remaining amount to be paid ... $ 10,000

Your health insurance will reimburse you for the total amount of $ 10,000.

b) Assume the maximum limit payable is $ 6,000 Total medical costs incurred ...
$ 10,000 Deductible (B class ward) ...  Nil Remaining amount to be paid ... $
10,000

You pay a total of $ 4,000 ($ 10,000 $ 6,000) and the health insurance will
reimburse $ 6,000.

Example 3

How A Private Health Insurance Can Supplement Medishield

Total medical costs incurred = $ 10,000

a) With Medishield only, using example (1)

You pay = $ 5,200

Medishield pays = $ 4,800

b) With Medishield and private health insurance

Assume the maximum limit for health insurance per year is $ 6,000

Your health insurance will reimburse:

To you = $ 5,200 (the amount you paid out of your own pocket)

As Medishield will pay up to $ 20,000 a year in claims and an overall maximum of
$ 70,000, should you wish to reinstate your annual and lifetime limit with
Medishield, the insurance company will pay the remainder of the limit ($ 6,000 $
5,200) = $ 800 to Medishield.

5

LENGTH: 2627 words

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 1994 The Straits Times Press Limited


                              142 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            January 11, 2016 Monday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

A fine mess You'll pay a penalty for not buying insurance

BYLINE: News Staff

SECTION: SPECIAL; Pg.

9

LENGTH: 443 words


If you're planning on not buying health insurance this year to save some money,
know this:

It's gonna cost you, anyway.

People who can afford coverage but decide against it have to pay the price - a
fee called the individual shared responsibility payment.

Variously known as the "penalty," "fine" or " individual mandate," the fee for
not having health insurance in 2016 is calculated in two ways - as a percentage
of household income, or per person, according to healthcare.gov.

The amount due is the higher of the two.

In 2016, the percentage of household income you pay is 2.5%.

The maximum amount
is calculated as the total yearly premium for the national average price of a
bronze plan sold through the Marketplace.

With this method, only the part of household income above the yearly tax filing
threshold is counted - $10,150 for individuals, or $20,300 for couples filing
jointly in 2014, the most recent year available.

With the per-person method, it's $695 per adult and $347.50 for every child
under 18, with a maximum fee of $2,085.

A fee is owed for any month an individual, his spouse or tax dependents don't
have health insurance that qualifies as minimum essential coverage.

If you're covered for part of the year, the fee is one-twelth of the annual
amount for each month you or your dependents don't have coverage.

Those without coverage for one or two months don't have to pay the fee at all.

The fee is paid when you file a federal tax return for the year you don't have
coverage.

There are no liens or criminal penalties if you choose not to pay the fee, but
the IRS will hold back the penalty amount from any future tax refunds.

Low-income households or people who don't pay the fee because they're unemployed
may qualify for an exemption.

For more information on exemptions, go to
healthcare.gov/health-coverage-exemptions/.

SIDEBAR:

People covered under the following plans won't have to pay a penalty for not
having health insurance this year, according to healthcare.gov:

*Any health plan bought through the Health Insurance Marketplace-

*Individual health plans bought outside the Health Insurance Marketplace that
meet the standards for qualified plans-

*Any "grandfathered" individual insurance plan obtained since March 23, 2010 or
earlier-

*Any job-based plan, including retiree plans and COBRA coverage-

*Medicare Part A or Part C (Part B coverage by itself doesn't qualify)-

*Most Medicaid coverage, except for limited coverage plans-

*The Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP)-

*Coverage under a parent's plan-

*Most student health plans, though students are advised to check with their
school to see if the plan counts as minimum essential coverage.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

DOCUMENT-TYPE: SIDEBAR

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Daily News, L.P.


                              143 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                                January 18, 2015

Your Money: Health insurance market set for a shake-up

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE

LENGTH: 805 words


In just over four months' time, new rules will kick in that will result in major
changes for health insurance customers.

The new rules are part of a government bid to restore balance in the health
insurance market which, due to a lack of affordability, has lost tens of
thousands of young healthy customers over the last couple of years.

As prices
spiralled, there was an exodus of customers from the health insurance market,
but now health minister Leo Varadkar is overseeing a package of new measures
designed to restore stability.

Last November, Varadkar unveiled a health insurance package, including special
lower premiums for young adults, the introduction of lifetime community rating
and a reduction in the health insurance levy.

Health insurers have repeatedly said that the levy had acted as a major driver
of price hikes over the last few years.

Varadkar has said that the new health
insurance policy is designed to    make private health insurance affordable
again  .

Following a long period of rising premiums and a severe decline in health
insurance cover, the number of policyholders is now showing modest growth.

There
was a modest increase of 1,000 in the number insured between July and September,
he said, when announcing the new policy.

I hope these new measures will allow
that trend to continue.

Under the new rules, higher charges will apply to people who are 35 years or
more if they first take out health insurance after May 1.

Someone over 35, who
takes out health insurance for the first time after May, will face a loading of
2 per cent per year.

New plans are expected to emerge in the first few months of
this year, ahead of the new rules coming into force.

While the government is trying to encourage younger customers to enter - or
return to - the market, health insurers have also responded to the affordability
crisis.

In a bid to offer cheaper options, health insurers have changed the sort of
cover they offer.

This has given rise to plans which provide cover in a
restricted network of hospitals, and plans that require consumers to make hefty
co-payments for certain types of procedure.

Another recent trend in the market has been a move towards higher excesses.

This
means that consumers will have to pay more money towards a claim, but will
typically face a lower premium as a result.

....

**Take three: the right cover for you**

*The Sunday Business Post*compared the cost of health insurance for a number of
scenarios.

Figures are based on the Health Insurance Authority's (HIA) online
comparison of health insurance plans.

It is important to note that full product benefits and terms and conditions,
such as the specific hospitals covered, may differ between insurers.

The following is only an indication of prices, but you should not base your
health insurance decisions on premiums alone.

**1 The family plan**

Alan and his wife Michelle are in their 30s, with two young children.

They want
cover for a semi-private room in a private hospital, with no inpatient excess.

A
low outpatient excess and cover for day-to-day expenses is also important, as
the couple take regular trips to the doctor with their children.

-- A total of 17 plans matched the couple's needs, with a difference of about
EUR 1,000 between the annual cost per adult of the dearest and cheapest plans.

Prices for the 17 options ranged from an annual cost of almost EUR 1,360 per
adult to about EUR 2,500.

However, the range of cover on offer varied, as did
the excesses that apply.

**2 Top-of-the-range cover**

John is in his 60s and is concerned about his health.

He wants top-of-the-range
cover for health insurance plans, based on a private room in a high-tech
hospital.

He wants a low outpatient excess and cover for day-to-day medical
expenses.

-- Fifteen health insurance plans match his criteria, with prices varying by
more than EUR 3,000 annually.

Prices range from just shy of EUR 2,950, to just
over EUR 6,320.

**3 Avoiding bells and whistles**

Aoife is in her 20s, and wants basic hospital cover only.

She would like a
health insurance plan that provides cover for a semi-private or private room in
a public hospital.

-- According to the HIA's website, the cheapest option available will cost her
EUR 498 per year.

If Aoife decides that she'd like a plan with basic hospital
cover, plus a low outpatient excess and day-to-day benefits, the cost will rise.

The cheapest option, based on her revised criteria, is EUR 625 per annum.

*For more, see the HIA's website, hia.ie*

**The figures**

**2.018m:**the number of people with inpatient health insurance

**100,000:**the number of people insured on health insurance cash plans or
products that provide only outpatient benefits

**43.8%:**percentage of the population with health insurance

*Figures from the November 2014 edition of the Health Insurance Authority's
newsletter*

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Post Publications Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              144 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn.

Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 3, 2014 Wednesday

EDITORIAL: Our View: Get help navigating health insurance marketplace

BYLINE: The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 416 words


Dec. 03--Regardless of anyone's views on the Patient Protection and Affordable
Care Act, otherwise known as Obamacare, just a few days remain for people to get
health insurance or face penalties.

The good news is there are a number of options available for those in need of it
to seek help.

The law, which President Barack Obama signed into effect in 2010, requires
Americans to be covered under a health insurance plan by February.

Anyone who
fails to enroll in one of the several health insurance options by that time
would be subject to penalties by the government, unless the failure is due to
certain circumstances.

The ACA open enrollment period is a time set aside for individuals who are
eligible to enroll in a Qualified Health Plan in the Health Insurance
Marketplace.

The open enrollment period for coverage starting in 2015 is from
Nov. 15 until Feb. 15.

Those in need of coverage beginning Jan. 1 must enroll by Dec. 15.

University Medical Center will help area residents learn about and enroll in
health insurance options on the Health Insurance Marketplace.

Nearly 10 million
uninsured individuals enrolled in a marketplace plan during the first enrollment
wave, but 30 million remain uninsured.

PharmaCare will provide a free Medicare consultation with a pharmacist to help
seniors pick the best prescription drug plan or Medicare Advantage plan based on
their current list of medications.

The open enrollment period for choosing a
Medicare plan is currently ongoing and will end Sunday.

Juliet Public Library are also ready to assist each Monday
from 5-7 p.m.

Volunteer Ann Lucas told The Democrat on Monday many people she has seen are
coming to re-enroll, but help is available to those needing to enroll for the
first time, as well.

Lucas mentioned one of the things people are surprised about is that plans now
have no-cost preventive care services.

All insurance plans through the
marketplace must cover these services without copays or co-insurance, according
to literature available at the library's assistance center.

The volunteers at the library are part of Enroll America, a nonprofit
organization that helps people enroll under the Affordable Care Act.

With all these resources available, there's no reason why anyone couldn't make a
well-informed decision about health insurance coverage.

___ (c)2014 The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn. Visit The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn. at
www.lebanondemocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141203-1LD-EDITORIAL-Our-View-Get-help-navigating-health-insurance
-marketplace-1203-20141203

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LD


                                 Copyright 2014


                              145 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                             April 15, 2012 Sunday

Commentary: How retirees can find affordable insurance

BYLINE: Gary S. Williams

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 926  words


For most people these days, the idea of retiring early is just a dream.

That's
due, in part, to the costs associated with obtaining health insurance before age
65, when Medicare eligibility kicks in.

And, even with Medicare, a retiree's
younger spouse or dependents often aren't covered.

Fortunately, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, otherwise known as
the Health Care Reform Act, has changed the playing field somewhat, opening up
new avenues for the early retiree; however, its provisions will take several
years to be fully effective.

So what can you do to find affordable care in the
interim?

Tips for bridging the gap

Enroll in the working spouse's group plan: This is probably the most common and
least expensive way for a retired spouse to obtain health insurance.

Some
companies offer family coverage for domestic partners.

Be aware, however, that
the working spouse usually has a limited time in which to enroll the retired
spouse after the retiree has lost health insurance coverage.

Qualify for retiree health insurance with your current employer: Although
employers seldom subsidize the cost of retiree health insurance, such coverage
still tends to be much less expensive than an individual insurance policy.

Few
employers offer this option, however.

Be sure to determine whether the retiree coverage will replace or supplement
Medicare.

Missing the enrollment date for Medicare could be an expensive
oversight.

Continue group health insurance under the federal Early Retiree Reinsurance
Program: The new ERRP reimburses employers up to 80 percent of the premiums for
group insurance for retirees age 55 or older, their spouses and their
dependents.

While this may prove to be an affordable option, be aware that the
federal subsidies for the employer do not automatically reduce the retiree's
premium cost.

Elect COBRA benefits: Retirees and their dependents may be eligible for
continued employer benefits under COBRA.

COBRA mandates that employers with 20
or more employees must continue group health insurance for terminating employees
for a period of time.

The number of months someone can retain group insurance
coverage depends on the state.

At a minimum, retirees can continue their
coverage for an additional 18 months, but at an unsubsidized cost (which may
cause sticker shock).

Buy a state-sponsored guaranteed health insurance plan: These are called
HIPAA-eligible plans or high-risk pools, depending on the program the state
offers.

Under PPACA, states must offer insurance coverage for qualified
residents, regardless of pre-existing conditions.

By 2014, uninsured retirees
who make too much to qualify for subsidized health plans will be able to buy
coverage, regardless of health, through private insurers via a state-sponsored
insurance exchange.

The cost for state-sponsored guaranteed health insurance will be higher than
insurance purchased through private insurers, but you cannot be turned down.

Most states cap the premiums at 125 percent to 200 percent of comparable private
coverage.

Start a small business or work part-time: Some states require insurers to offer
group plans to the self-employed.

Small group plans are usually more
cost-effective and offer better benefits than most individual health insurance
contracts.

If starting a business is unrealistic, retirees may get health
insurance through part-time work.

While it is rare for employers to cover
part-time employees, some businesses -- including Starbucks, Nordstrom and
Barnes & Noble -- provide benefits for employees working 20 hours or more.

Buy an individual insurance plan: Because premiums frequently increase along
with age and health complications, insurance purchased from a private insurer is
the retiree's most expensive option, if he or she can qualify at all.

But
individual plans often do not provide the comprehensive coverage the retiree is
accustomed to.

High-deductible plans combined with a Health Savings Account are becoming an
increasingly popular solution.

These plans usually have a $5,000 to $10,000
deductible with a limit on out-of-pocket costs.

Read the fine print and
understand what expenses meet the deductible.

Some plans consider only "normal
and customary" expenses.

Any excess out-of-pocket expense will not be credited
toward the deductible.

Estimating costs

Estimating your future medical costs is challenging.

Not only are medical and
drug costs growing at a rate higher than inflation, but long-term costs due to
an individual's medical conditions and longevity are hard to predict.

Your best
move is to work with a financial professional to determine what may be
appropriate for you.

With proper planning, the ability to retire early may be more than just a dream.

Gary S. Williams, CFP, CRPC, AIF, is president of Williams Asset Management at
8850 Columbia 100 Parkway, Columbia, Md.

He is an investment adviser
representative with/and offers securities and advisory services through
Commonwealth Financial Network, Member FINRA/SIPC, a Registered Investment
Adviser.

He can be reached at 410-740-0220 or Gary@WilliamsAssetManagement.com
This communication is strictly intended for individuals residing in the states
of: Arkansas, California, Colorado, Delaware, Florida, Kansas, Massachusetts,
Maryland, Maine, Michigan, Missouri, North Carolina, New Jersey, New York, Ohio,
Pennsylvania, Utah, Virginia, Wisconsin and West Virginia.

No offers may be made
or accepted from any resident outside these states due to various state
requirements and registration requirements regarding investment products and
services.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              146 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               Sunday Independent

                                 March 24, 2013
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Cheaper options can help you keep health insurance

BYLINE: Louise McBride

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg.

5

LENGTH: 1351 words


ABOUT 200,000 of us have been forced to cancel our private health insurance over
the last four years - thanks to the recession, the last six austerity budgets
and massive private health insurance price hikes.

Now, on top of all that, the Government is hitting those of us who can still
manage to pay private health insurance with an even higher health insurance
levy.

When it was first introduced about four years ago, the health insurance levy
cost (EURO)160 per adult and (EURO)53 per child.

By the end of this month, that
levy will have jumped to (EURO)350 per adult and (EURO)120 per child.

It''s no surprise then that a survey published last week found that one-third of
young families plan to cancel their private health insurance this year.

If you''re struggling to make ends meet but are reluctant to cut out your
private health insurance, moving to a cheaper plan could be an option.

The Sunday Independent lined up private health insurance expert Aongus Loughlin
of Towers Watson to recommend plans which might just allow you to hold onto your
insurance in these tough times.

Loughlin''s quotes do not include group or
online discounts which could reduce the cost of your cover - if you qualify for
them.

You rarely to go the doctor.

You''re currently paying about (EURO)960 a
year for private health insurance - but you''ve taken a pay cut, so can''t
afford to pay this anymore.

You want a cheaper plan which, at the very least,
offers good cover for treatment in a public hospital.

If you switch to Laya Healthcare''s Essential First plan, you could almost halve
the cost of your cover.

This plan, which costs (EURO)504.40 is one of the
cheapest plans around, according to Loughlin.

It provides full cover for a
semi-private room in a public hospital.

If you pay monthly, you must also pay a
3 per cent administration charge, which brings the cost of your policy to
(EURO)519.53.

VHI Healthcare''s One Plan Starter, which costs (EURO)524.80, could also be
worth considering, according to Loughlin.

This plan provides full cover for a
semi-private room in public hospitals.

Another plan tipped by Loughlin is Glo Health''s Basic plan.

It costs
(EURO)556.50 per adult until March 31.

YOUNG FAMILY You''re a couple in your late 30''s with two children under the age
of three - a one-year-old toddler and a terrible three-year-old.

You''d currently be paying about (EURO)3,500 a year for private health insurance
.

Although you both work, the cutbacks and tax hikes of the last few years have
made it hard for you to make ends meet - so unless you get a cheaper private
health insurance plan, you''ll have to give it up.

If you can hold onto your
insurance, your main priority is cover for a semiprivate hospital room.

You could save (EURO)1,609 if you opt for Glo Health''s Better Plan.

This plan,
the cheapest recommended by Loughlin for the family, costs (EURO)842.50 per
adult and (EURO)206.54 per child over the age of three.

As children under the age of three are free under Glo''s Better Plan, the total
cost of your plan comes to (EURO)1,891.50 for the year.

Another plan that is recommended by Loughlin is Laya''s Total Health Choice
plan, which costs (EURO)2,295 for the family - or (EURO)2,364 if paying monthly.

One of the cheapest VHI plans is its PMI 2612 corporate plan, which costs
(EURO)2,533 this year for two adults and two children.

The cheapest Aviva plan
recommended by Loughlin is Health Plan 05, which costs (EURO)2,561.20 for the
family.

"These plans provide cover for private rooms in public hospitals, as well as
cover for a semi-private room in a private hospital," said Loughlin.

The excess on these plans (the first part of the claim which you must pay
yourself) for treatment in a private hospital varies, depending on the insurer
you're with.

If you''re likely to require cover for hip replacements or eye surgery
operations, check the excess on a plan before you move as it can be as high as
(EURO)2,000 in some cases, warned Loughlin.

MIDDLE-AGED FAMILY You''re a couple in your 50s with three children - aged 12,
15 and 19.

You''re paying almost (EURO)4,000 a year for private health insurance
.

As your eldest has just started college, you''ve recently had to cough up
(EURO)2,500 for college registration fees - so you can''t afford to pay
(EURO)4,000 a year for insurance anymore.

However you''d like to hold onto a plan that covers your family for a
semiprivate room in hospital.

You could save between (EURO)983 and (EURO)1,484
this year by opting for one of the plans recommended by Loughlin.

At a total
cost of (EURO)2,516.50, the cheapest plan tipped by Loughlin is Glo Health''s
Better Plan.

The second cheapest is Laya''s Total Health Choice plan, which
costs (EURO)2,569 a year - or (EURO)2,646 if you pay monthly.

If the family go for VHI or Aviva plans recommended by Loughlin, they''ll pay a
few hundred euro more than they will at Glo or Laya - VHI''s PMI 2612 costs
(EURO)2,866.70 while Aviva''s Health Plan 05 costs (EURO)3,017.

All these plans include cover for a semi-private room in a private hospital.

Again, it''s important to check out any excesses that apply before choosing one
of these plans.

ELDERLY COUPLE You''re a couple in your 60s whose kids have all flown the nest.

At this stage in your lives, you want a plan that offers good hospital care.

However, you''re paying almost (EURO)8,000 a year for private health insurance
and as one of you has just recently retired, you can''t afford to pay that
anymore.

You could easily halve the cost of your private health insurance by choosing one
of the plans tipped by Loughlin.

The cheapest plan recommended by Loughlin is Laya''s Healthcare Healthwise Plus
(No Excess), which costs the couple (EURO)1,770 a year - or (EURO)1,823 if
paying monthly.

Other plans recommended by Loughlin are Aviva''s Level 2 Complete Health plan,
which costs the couple (EURO)3,527.20; Glo Health''s Ultra Plan, which costs
(EURO)3,596; and VHI''s Health Plus Extra (Plan B Options), which costs
(EURO)3,674.

These plans offer semi-private care in a private hospital.

"The plans also provide cover for certain cardiac procedures if carried out in
the Mater Private or Blackrock Clinics," said Loughlin.

CASH PLANS If your financial circumstances mean you have no option but to go
without private health insurance, a health cash plan could be an option.

These
plans cover day-today medical costs, such as GP, dental and consultant fees -
rather than hospital care.

The cost of HSF Health Plan for example - a cash plan offered by the Hospital
Saturday Fund - ranges from (EURO)114 to (EURO)972 a year.

"While HSF Health Plan does not cover a stay in a private hospital, it pays
grants of up to (EURO)120 per night for up to 40 nights stay in a public or
private hospital," said a spokeswoman for HSF.

BEFORE YOU SWITCH If you''re considering switching to another insurer, it is
usually best to wait until your renewal date.

Otherwise, you could be hit with
penalties and other charges which could easily wipe out any savings you expect
to make.

Most insurers treat your health insurance as a 12-month contract.

If you cancel
mid-way through that contract and you''re with Aviva, VHI and Glo Health, you
will usually have to pay the balance of any health insurance levy your insurer
has paid on your behalf - which you have not already paid for through premiums.

VHI will also hit you with an administration fee of (EURO)50 per policy, while
Aviva''s administration fee is (EURO)25 per policy.

"A VHI healthcare policy is a 12-month contract which can only be changed at a
customer''s renewal date or in clearly defined circumstances," said a
spokeswoman for VHI.

"If a customer has incurred a claim since renewing, they
will be liable to pay the outstanding premium due to us until their next renewal
date."

A spokeswoman for Laya Healthcare said that customers who cancel their insurance
mid-year "are not eligible for a refund of the remainder of the 12-month policy,
regardless of whether a claim has been paid out on their behalf in that
membership year or not".

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SDI


             Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              147 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                     Pennsylvania Health Insurance Coverage

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.pahealthinsurancecoverage.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   We provide the guaranteed lowest prices for your Pennsylvania health
insurance plan.

Whether you are self-employed, an individual, or a family, our
free service allows you to research and apply for the most affordable individual
or family health insurance in Pennsylvania.

Your instant online health
insurance quotes are provided by a broker with more than 29 years of experience.

In less than three minutes, you will view quality, affordable Pennsylvania
health insurance plans.

Your service is provided by a live brokerâ¦not an
automated website.

Inexpensive Pa plans are availableâ¦and we'll find them for
you.

High quality Pennsylvania health insurance plans can be affordable.

There
are many plans that will fit in your budget, and we'll do the research.

These
plans will be available when you need them, and contain the coverages that you
are likely to use the most.

Saving money by "purchasing direct" for many items
we buy is often possibleâ¦except with insurance!

Many Pennsylvania health
insurance services like to advertise that you are saving money by "buying
direct.

Any Agency or individual that offers
Pennsylvania health insurance plans must be licensed by the Pennsylvania
Department of Insurance.

Rates are mandated by the state and no broker or agency
can offer you a "special price."

Anybody can sell you health insurance plan.

But Pennsylvania health insurance plans are our specialty, and we'll make sure
you receive the highest quality co

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              148 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                      December 9, 2014 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

GoHealth Encourages Health Insurance Enrollment Before December Deadline

LENGTH: 383  words


Dec. 8 -- US-based GoHealthInsurance issued the following news release:

GoHealth, the nation's leading private health insurance exchange, urges
consumers to explore their health insurance options and enroll before December
15.

Selecting a health insurance plan prior to December 15 allows people to
secure health benefits for January 1 and prevents them from being automatically
re-enrolled in an old plan with outdated subsidies.

Seventy seven new insurers are offering Marketplace plans and some plans from
last year have been modified for the new year.

Because there are more insurance
plans available and different prices for 2015 coverage, GoHealth encourages
consumers to explore their choices now.

"With so many new options on the Marketplace, the health insurance plan you
selected last year may no longer be your best choice.

This is your opportunity
to determine if your current plan meets your needs or if it's time to rightsize
your health plan," says Clint Jones, CEO of GoHealth.

Consumers must enroll in a health plan and pay their first month's premium by
December 15 in order for their health insurance to take effect on January 1.

If
people miss the deadline, the earliest their health coverage can begin is
February 1.

People who currently have insurance and do not take action before December 15
will be automatically re-enrolled in the health plan that is most similar to
their current plan using their tax subsidy amount that was calculated last year.

That may result in consumers missing out on significant monthly savings and
plans that better meet their needs.

"With pricing changes, new plans available, and potential changes in the subsidy
amount, it is in your best interest to spend a couple minutes on
GoHealthInsurance.com to see what your best option is," says Brandon Cruz,
President of GoHealth.

By choosing to actively enroll with GoHealth, consumers can get their new,
accurate tax subsidies and compare all of the current Marketplace plans.

Shoppers can speak with a licensed insurance advisor to get updated tax
subsidies and step-by-step assistance enrolling in coverage, or they can visit
(GoHealthInsurance.com) to compare thousands of health plans from top carriers,
including those that have updated their plans or are new to the Marketplace.

Source: GoHealthInsurance

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              149 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                     October 20, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

eHealth Highlights Average Premiums, Deductibles for Obamacare Shoppers Not
Using Subsidies During 2016 Open Enrollment Period

LENGTH: 595  words


Oct. 20 -- eHealth, Inc. (NASDAQ: EHTH) reported today that consumers shopping
for 2016 health insurance plans and not utilizing premium tax credits (often
referred to as Obamacare subsidies) chose health insurance plans with monthly
premiums averaging $321 for individuals and $833 for families.

eHealth operates
eHealth.com, the nation's first and largest private online health insurance
exchange.

The full report is available for download here or through the company's media
center.

eHealth's findings are derived from an analysis of plans selected by more than
70,000 individual and family health insurance shoppers at eHealth.com during the
2016 open enrollment period (November 1, 2015 - January 31, 2016).

Highlights
include the following:

* Monthly premiums averaged $321 for individuals and $833 for families

* Annual deductibles averaged $4,358 for individuals and $7,983 for families

* The average individual platinum plan ($498 per month) cost 58% more than the
average bronze plan ($315 per month)

* Bronze-level plans accounted for 44% of all individual and family plans
selected; silver: 29%; gold: 12%; platinum: 3%; and catastrophic: 12%

* HMO-style plans accounted for 40% of all individual and family plans selected;
PPO: 38%; EPO: 16%; and POS: 6%

* Nearly 40% of eHealth shoppers identified themselves as previously
uninsured[1]

"eHealth has been tracking cost and selection trends in the individual and
family health insurance market for years," said the Honorable Ellen Tauscher,
Chairman of the Board for eHealth, Inc. "We're excited to continue serving the
needs of America's health insurance consumers and believe that public/private
partnerships can deliver the benefits of the Affordable Care Act to even more
Americans in the years to come."

eHealth is one of the few organizations with national source health insurance
data that broadly reflects consumer buying patterns and purchase prices in the
self-purchased individual and family health insurance market.

eHealth's analysis
provides insights into the large segment of the individual and family health
insurance market which may not qualify for or elect to use government subsidies,
and which may shop for coverage through sources other than government exchanges.

Tens of thousands of people used eHealth to apply for tax credits online in
states utilizing Healthcare.gov as their state's exchange during the 2016 open
enrollment period.

However, applications submitted by these shoppers were
excluded from this analysis.

Data presented in eHealth's report is based solely on rates quoted for health
insurance applications submitted by unsubsidized people through the company's
website, eHealth.com, in the specified time period and not through any
government exchange.

It does not offer a comprehensive view of costs for all
plans available through eHealth, through the market as a whole, or through
government exchanges.

Certain applications missing key data fields relevant for
the analysis may have been removed from the total sample.

Specific health
insurance plan premiums, deductibles, and other features may differ
significantly from any averages or other presented statistics.

For more
information on the methods employed for the collection and analysis of data,
please refer to the methodology section at the end of the report.

Footnote:

[1] Based on a voluntary email survey of eHealth shoppers from January 1 - March
23, 2016, 37% of respondents said that they were previously uninsured prior to
visiting eHealth.

A total of 618 responses were collected in this time period.

Source: eHealth

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              150 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Grand Forks Herald (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 30, 2013 Wednesday

Premiums increase as insurance companies prepare for new customers

BYLINE: Brandi Jewett, Grand Forks Herald

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 1355 words


Oct. 30--Health insurance providers in North Dakota are slimming down some of
their plan offerings to meet state benchmarks, but the cost of insurance doesn't
seem to be decreasing for everyone with the reduction in options.

Blue Cross Blue Shield and Medica are reducing their offerings of insurance
plans, but raising premiums to cover costs associated with changes established
by the Affordable Care Act, often referred to as Obamacare.

"Changes in premiums for health insurance will vary, depending on a person's
situation," Blue Cross spokeswoman Andrea Dinneen said in a statement.

"Some
people might see a decrease in total premiums, however, others will see an
increase.

In general, an increase in premium will also mean a greater level of
coverage."

Changes brought by the Affordable Care Act include a state benchmark plan with
minimal coverage requirements and a mandate that no one in the United States can
be turned down for health insurance.

In North Dakota, the number of people without health insurance is estimated to
be 68,000, according to the U.S. Census Bureau.

All of them are guaranteed
coverage.

The adjustments to plans and benefits are part of the two companies' efforts to
meet that state benchmark, which was chosen by the state Department of Insurance
and is sold by competitor Sanford Health.

"That plan does not offer as many benefits as most BCBSND plans," Dinneen said.

"But in order to remain as affordable as other metallic plans offered on the
health insurance marketplace, BCBSND adopted the same level of benefits as the
benchmark plan for those products."

The term "metallic" refers to the bronze, silver and gold plan standards set by
the Affordable Care Act.

Rising premiums

It seems many of the plan adjustments result in higher prices and fewer plan
options to choose from for customers.

The comparisons aren't apples-to-apples because the 2014 numbers account for the
inclusion of those once ineligible for health insurance -- people with
pre-existing conditions that could range from genetic diseases to cancer.

The estimated cost of the least expensive insurance plan under Medica this year
for a nonsmoking 30-year-old male or female buying individual coverage in Grand
Forks was $70 per month.

Next year, with all those newly covered people factored in, the lowest possible
price that same individual could pay is $218.

Blue Cross's least expensive plan jumps from $47 per month to $179.

The Herald requested similar insurance plan price quotes for 2013 and 2014 from
Sanford Health, but the request was not met by deadline.

This year, a family of four searching for the lowest monthly health insurance
price in 2013 could have selected an estimated $307 per month plan from Medica
or a $569 plan from Blue Cross Blue Shield.

Next year, the lowest estimated
price they could pay to those companies is $666 and $555 respectively.

Federal subsidies that could pay for part of a family's or individual's
insurance costs are available for those who qualify.

For the most part, plan prices are increasing but the number of options
customers have to choose from is shrinking.

In 2013, the number of plans available to that 30-year-old nonsmoking male or
female was 31 under Blue Cross.

Starting Jan. 1, that number drops to 15 plans.

It's a similar story at Medica, where options available for a similar individual
shrink from 31 to four next year.

Coverage changes

In addition to price changes, adjustments to coverage for some customers mean
the reduction, omission or addition of several types of services.

Coverage must now include services called "essential health benefits"
established by health care reform laws.

The list of 10 services includes
outpatient care, inpatient care, emergency care, mental health services,
laboratory services and pediatric care.

Blue Cross Blue Shield announced in its October Health News publication it is
decreasing benefits for several types of services.

Some services, such as infertility services, several types of mental health
treatments and weight loss medication have been chopped while others such as
home nursing care now have limits.

In the case of home health care visits, those
will be limited to 40 per year, or less than once a week.

Dinneen said the company is concerned about the "implications of the benchmark
plan chosen for members who have been accustomed to more covered services in
their health insurance."

While cuts are taking place, companies are also adding benefits to plans.

One addition Medica is making to its plans is increased prescription drug
coverage, which was not covered beyond a certain tier prior to 2014.

After Jan.
1, all prescriptions are covered 100 percent after the deductible is paid.

Prenatal and maternity care, once not included in plans, also is now
incorporated in Medica's metallic plans.

Root of increases

The price increases of the insurance plan come with a few explanations.

Medica points to costs created by the thousands of people in North Dakota who
are now eligible for health insurance under the Affordable Care Act.

Under the act, no one can be turned away, even if they have a preexisting
medical condition.

Prior to Oct. 1, insurance companies could turn away
potential customers who had these conditions.

"Each health insurance company will spread those costs across all of its
enrollees," Medica said in a statement on its website.

The company stated adjusting plans to meet requirements of the reform law and
the health status of customers also could affect next year's premium prices.

Dinneen didn't provide details about the why Blue Cross plan costs would
increase.

She did say the company "is committed to continue to work with providers to be
able to provide the right care, at the right time and at the right cost for our
members."

Of those without health insurance in the state, 20 have purchased insurance
through the health insurance marketplace launched Oct. 1 as of last week.

The remaining members of that group have until March 31 to sign up for health
insurance or risk incurring penalties.

Those penalties are 1 percent of taxable
income or $95 per adult and $47.50 per child -- whichever is greater.

A maximum of $285 has been set per family, a seemly small price compared to
$6,700 to $8,000 a year for a health insurance plan.

But the penalty amounts
grow as years pass, with the maximum penalty increasing to $975 per family in
2015 and $2,085 per family in 2016.

Exchange history

So far, North Dakota's state government has had almost no involvement with the
health insurance exchange following the approval of its benchmark plan.

The Sanford Heath plan was recommended by the state Insurance Department and the
state Legislative Health Care Reform Review Committee after they reviewed an
independent analysis completed on benchmark choices and public comments.

The state's three main health insurance providers, Blue Cross, Sanford and
Medica, all submitted plans for consideration.

The selected plan from Sanford was sent to and approved by the U.S. Department
of Health and Human Services.

North Dakota is one of 19 states that opted to let the federal government run
the show when comes to a health insurance exchange.

The remaining states, such
as Minnesota, have state-run exchanges or operate their exchanges through a
state-federal partnership.

Though state Insurance Commissioner Adam Hamm declined to be interviewed, he
said in an email response that 2014 insurance policies in the state wouldn't be
different under a state exchange.

Dalrymple told Forum News Service last week that the state's decision to have
the federal government run the exchange "one of the best decisions we've ever
made in state history."

The federal exchange can be accessed at www.healthcare.gov.

1108 or send email to
bjewett@gfherald.com

___ (c)2013 the Grand Forks Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit the Grand Forks
Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) at www.grandforksherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20131030-GF-Premiums-increase-as-insurance-companies-prepare-for-new-customers-1
030-20131030

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GF


                       Copyright 2013 Grand Forks Herald


                              151 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                            January 3, 2009 Saturday

Health cover is mandatory

LENGTH: 606 words


Abu Dhabi: Expatriates new to the country must provide evidence of a health
insurance registration before applying for a work or visit visa.

The usual scenario however, includes an employer providing his employees and
their dependents (spouse and children under 18) with a valid health insurance
plan.

Individuals and small companies who are not eligible for a basic health
insurance plan must undergo a process of underwriting and medical evaluation
prior to the issuance of their insurance policies.

Certain factors such as deductibles, medical condition, age, gender, selection
of a plan, marital status, weight and pre-existing conditions are put into
consideration once an individual applies for a health insurance plan.

In
accordance to those factors, a specific calculation for a premium product is
offered to the client.

Individuals and/or companies have a choice of 30 different health insurance
companies across the emirate of Abu Dhabi.

Each company has its own calculations
in estimating the health services that a member needs within a year of medical
coverage.

A plan with an international territory, for example, will
have a higher premium as well as a member with a pre-existing diseases or high
plan benefits," said Michael Bitzer, chief executive officer for the National
Health Insurance Company (Daman), partners with the Health Authority Abu Dhabi
(HAAD).

The health insurance scheme offers three kinds of policies for coverage:

Basic Health Insurance Policy - for individuals with monthly salaries less than
Dh5,000 or Dh4,000 plus housing allowance.

The premium is set at Dh600 and the Enhanced Health Insurance Policy - for all
other individuals.

These policies include basic products plus additional
coverage as per the agreement between the beneficiary and the insurance company.

Emergencies

Emergency Health Insurance Policy is for all visitors to the emirates in the
event of an emergency.

The premium is set according to the duration of the visit
and in consideration of the prices in the market.

Health insurance policies are valid for one year after the date of issuance and
should be renewed annually.

The insured are not entitled to claim back the
premium.

Checklist: Health Insurance Companies in the UAE


    National Health Insurance Company (Daman)

    Abu Dhabi National Insurance Company

    Al Sagr National Insurance Company

    Al Wathba National Insurance Company

    Al Khazna Insurance Company

    Al Buhaira National Insurance Company

    Emirates Insurance Company

    Abu Dhabi National Takaful Company -Takaful

    Ras Al Khaimah National Insurance Company

    Al Ain Ahlia Insurance Company

    American Life Insurance Company

    Arab Orient Insurance Company

    Alliance insurance Company

    Qatar Insurance Company

    Arabian Scandinavian Insurance Company

    Al Dhafra Insurance Company

    Lebanese Insurance Company

    Al Fujairah National Insurance Company

    Arabia Insurance Company

    Islamic Arab Insurance Company (Salana)

    United Insurance Company

    Dubai Islamic Insurance & Reinsurance Co (Aman)

    Oman Insurance Company

    Saudi Arabian Insurance Company

    National General Insurance Company

    Axa Insurance - Gulf

    Royal & Sun Alliance Insurance (Middle East) Ltd

    Noor Takaful Family

    Dubai Insurance Company

    Green Crescent Insurance Company


  - For more information on a health insurance plan, you may contact either one
of the above health insurance companies or the Health Authority Abu Dhabi on
Toll free 800 3900 or through info@haad.ae/www.haad.ae

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2009 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.

Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              152 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                       May 11, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Term Health Insurance Shows Record Growth as Marketplace Evolves

LENGTH: 532  words


May 11 -- AgileHealthInsurance.com, the Internet's first website dedicated to
helping consumers understand the value of term health insurance, announced today
it topped 23,000 new policy sales in the first quarter of 2015.

This figure
breaks the startup's previous record of 11,000 policy sales for Q4 2015 and
demonstrates the speed at which the market for affordable alternatives to
Obamacare is growing.

The figures include individual term health policies with
one member, as well as family term health policies with multiple members.

There are several factors driving this growth, most importantly the rising costs
of health insurance.

A recent study by HealthPocket Inc. estimated that up to 33
million people nationwide are in the unsubsidized health insurance market, where
they lack premium assistance from the government or employers.

According to the
Department of Health and Human Services, without subsidies, the average premium
of a 2016 Obamacare plan purchased on HealthCare.gov was $396 a month per
person.

In comparison, the average monthly premium for a term health insurance
plan selected on AgileHealthInsurance.com is less than $100 per person.

Additionally, term health insurance fills a critical need for consumers needing
health insurance outside the open enrollment period.

Without a qualifying life
event, consumers will not be able to enroll in an Affordable Care Act (ACA) plan
until the 2017 open enrollment period begins Nov. 1, and that coverage will not
become active until Jan. 1 of the following year.

Term health insurance, in
contrast, has no enrollment period limitations and is an alternative for
consumers seeking coverage before then.

"We launched AgileHealthInsurance one year ago, recognizing important gaps in
ACA coverage options for many consumers," said Bruce Telkamp, CEO and co-founder
of AgileHealthInsurance.com.

"We were optimistic then, but the rapid adoption
among consumers seeking affordable alternatives to the ACA online has well
exceeded our expectations."

Term health insurance represents a distinct category of health insurance that is
generally more affordable than Obamacare plans.

Eligibility requirements and
flexibility in benefits are major factors contributing to the cost savings
realized by consumers.

Unlike Obamacare plans, term health insurance
applications are approved or rejected based on health status, including the
nature of pre-existing conditions.

Additionally, consumers may still be subject
to the Obamacare Tax unless they qualify for one of several exemptions.

However,
the lower cost of term health insurance means that even for some consumers
facing the tax penalty, the combination of penalty and premium is still less
expensive than an unsubsidized Obamacare premium.

Consumers can compare term health plans from various insurers at
AgileHealthInsurance.com, including HCC Life Insurance Co., Unified Life
Insurance Co., Companion Life Insurance Co. and Standard Life.

Agile customers
can also enroll in Foundation dental and vision plans underwritten by
Nationwide.

To learn more about term health insurance, visit AgileHealthInsurance's Learning
Center at www.AgileHealthInsurance.com.

Source: AgileHealthInsurance

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              153 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                      March 04, 2002 Monday, ALL EDITIONS

Blue Cross counterproposal is rejected by city manager

BYLINE: Nick Kotsopoulos; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg.

A1

LENGTH: 817 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER



- The city has rejected a counterproposal by Blue Cross and Blue Shield of
Massachusetts, and intends to continue pursuing making Fallon Community Health
Plan the sole insurer of municipal employees and retirees.

City Manager Thomas R. Hoover said the counterproposal, offered last week,
reduces the rate by changing the benefit design.

Although that change would reduce city health insurance costs, he said, the Blue
Cross proposal would remain more expensive than the Fallon plan because Blue
Cross did not make an assumption for mid-year rate increases on its senior
plans.

When that assumption is loaded into the new Blue Cross proposal, Mr. Hoover
said, Blue Cross remains more expensive than Fallon.

The new Blue Cross rate for its Blue Choice Family Plan would be $778.54 a
month, while the Fallon rate for its comparable Point-Of-Service Plan would be
$754.06.

The difference of $24.28 per month, per employee, would result in a
total annual expense of $723,824, Mr. Hoover said.

He added that the rate proposed by Blue Cross is 32 percent higher than its
current rate.

Before making its counterproposal, Blue Cross had proposed premium
increases of up to 44 percent for next fiscal year.

''I continue to recommend that the city go forward with replacing our Blue Cross
products with Fallon products, so that Fallon Community Health Plan becomes the
sole provider of health insurance for all city of Worcester employees and
retirees,'' Mr. Hoover said.

Changes to employee health insurance must go through the collective bargaining
process.

More than 7,000 municipal employees, retirees and their families would
be affected by the changes.

Mr. Hoover said his administration has asked to negotiate with the unions over
the proposed change, but that many have refused to meet with the city.

He said that if no movement is made to reduce health insurance costs by April 1,
layoff proceedings will have to begin in light of the city's projected $11.9
million budget deficit for the fiscal year that begins July 1.

''The only way the city can achieve meaningful savings in health insurance is if
the employees agree not only to carrier and benefit design changes, but to
changes in contributions rates,'' Mr. Hoover said.

''Each 1 percent change in
contribution rates is approximately a $500,000 savings to the city.''

Under state law, the city is required to pay at least 50 percent of the cost of
an indemnity plan, and the employee is required to pay at least 10 percent of a
managed care plan.

As a result of contract negotiations over the years, the city
pays 75 percent to 90 percent of the health insurance costs, depending upon the
plan.

Mr. Hoover has said the city can cover an increase in health insurance next
fiscal year of $4 million to $4.5 million above its current $35.3 million health
insurance budget.

But based on the rate increases proposed by Blue Cross and Fallon, the city's
health insurance costs would increase by $11.1 million next year, if the same
plans and contributions rates remained in effect.

After Mr. Hoover announced the city's plans to drop Blue Cross as a provider of
health insurance and make Fallon the sole insurer, Blue Cross submitted its
counterproposal on Tuesday.

To help reduce its costs, the city wants to make its employees pay more for
their health insurance.

It would like to scale back the city's contribution rate
for the indemnity plan from 75 percent to 70 percent, and reduce its
contribution rate for HMO and POS plans from 90 percent and 87 percent,
respectively, to 80 percent.

Janice Borg Silverman, the city's director of human resources, said the
projections in the Blue Cross counterproposal confirm the city's contention that
the major source of cost reduction for health insurance is changes in employee
and retiree contributions.

''Absent rate relief from Blue Cross, our only source of significant savings
lies in cooperation from the employees and their unions to modify premium
contributions,'' Ms. Silverman said.

She said three unions are refusing to negotiate, while one is willing to
negotiate with caveats and two are willing to meet.

In a letter
she wrote to John Coughlin, Blue Cross vice president of select markets, she
urged the company to reconsider the city's previous requests to find true
savings for employees, retirees and the municipal budget.

''We are pleased to see your new benefit design changes, however, we continue to
be disappointed that the status quo rate on the premium from which the benefit
design changes are derived has not decreased,'' Ms. Silverman wrote.

''Blue Cross continues to make little or no effort to show the city in actual
dollars and cents exactly what our longstanding relationship means to you next
year and in future years,'' she added.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2002 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              154 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            June 17, 2015 Wednesday

Health insurance costs climb

BYLINE: Dennis Darrow, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 544 words


June 17--Colorado Health OP, the top insurer on the state's health insurance
exchange, proposes an average premium hike of 21.6 percent for 2016, according
to preliminary rate filings released this week by the state Division of
Insurance.

Several other insurers also propose large premium increases.

The filings do not
include premium for plans negotiated with large employers.

State insurance officials caution that the rate requests are preliminary and
subject to the agency's regulatory review.

Final rates are set to be announced
in September.

More information on the proposed rates are available on the
insurance division's website.

A total of 1,377 plans were submitted for review, including 1,221 medical plans
and 156 dental plans.

Of the 1,221 medical plans, 425 are proposed to be offered through Connect for
Health Colorado, the state's health insurance exchange.

The exchange medical
plans consist of 239 individual plans and 186 small group plans.

Overall, 23 carriers seek to offer individual and/ or small group medical plans
in 2016.

Of those, 11 seek to offer plans through Connect for Health Colorado.

"As in 2014 and 2015, it is great to see so many carriers offering plans in
Colorado," Insurance Commissioner Marguerite Salazar said in a

statement.

"We have such a competitive market, with many choices for Colorado
consumers.

When open enrollment comes this fall, folks should shop and carefully
consider the plans that are best for their needs."

While noting a wide selection, the insurance division acknowledged that its
preliminary review showed that average premium hikes could top this year's
increases.

"The proposed increases are likely due to a couple of reasons," said Tom Abel,
head of insurance division's Rates and Forms section for life, accident and
health insur-

ance.

"It looks like the number and types of claims are impacting the rates, as
well as medical inflation.

It's also the first time carriers have a full year's
business experience under the ACA."

Salazar noted that, "A key factor in the cost of health insurance is something
that the division and insurance companies have no control over, and that's the
cost of health procedures and services.

We all need to work together to figure
out how we bring those costs down."

The financially struggling Colorado Health OP is a federally-aided nonprofit
created specifically in response to the Affordable Care Act.

Its proposed rate
hike for 2016 comes after it cut rates sharply this year in a bid to expand its
customer base and also offer Colorado exchange users a lower-priced option than
other insurers.

Prior to Colorado Health OP's price slashing, Kaiser was generally regarded as
the lowest-priced insurer on the exchange.

For 2016, Kaiser proposes an average
2 percent hike, according to its preliminary rate filing.

In March, The Denver
Post reported that Colorado Health OP ranked as the top insurer on the state's
exchange with 39 percent of the estimated 142,000 enrollees, followed by Kaiser
at 35 percent.

A message left Tuesday with Colorado Health OP's executives was not immediately
returned.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150617-PB-Health-insurance-costs-climb-0617-20150617

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2015 The Pueblo Chieftain


                              155 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 14, 2014 Sunday

Washington: America's Health Insurance Marketplace

LENGTH: 466  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has issued the following news
release:

Since October 1, 2013, millions have signed up for new health insurance coverage
under the health care law.

They've signed up either for private insurance
through the Health Insurance Marketplace or for the Medicaid program.

There's
still time for you to enroll and have coverage.

All you have to do is sign up
with the Health Insurance Marketplace by February 15.

The Health Insurance Marketplace helps people who need health coverage to find
it.

When you fill out the Marketplace application, you'll find out if you
qualify for a private health insurance plan and whether you qualify for lower
costs based on your household size and income.

Some people may qualify for the
Medicaid and Children's Health Insurance Programs in their state.

Even if you
don't qualify for lower costs, you can still use the Marketplace to buy
insurance.

There are three ways for you to get covered.

You can enroll online, over the
phone (800-318-2596), or with in-person assistance.

You'll have the opportunity
to compare private plans side-by-side and choose the one that fits your family
and budget.

There are 4 steps you can take to be sure you're ready for your
coverage to begin.

They include:

Pay your premium to your health insurance plan by the due date.

Carefully review your member card and other materials your plan sends you.

Review your plan's provider directory so you'll know where you can go for care.

Contact your plan with any questions or if you don't get a member card and
enrollment materials.

All of the Marketplace plans cover a comprehensive set of Essential Health
Benefits.

These benefits include:

office visits;
 emergency, hospital and maternity and newborn care;
 mental health and substance abuse services;
 medications;
 rehabilitative services;
 laboratory services;
 free preventive services; and
 pediatric services.

Insurance plans will no longer be able to charge you more or refuse to provide
coverage for you or your family if you have a pre-existing condition.

Hearing
impaired callers using TTY/TDD technology can call 1-855-889-4325 for
assistance.

Only plans offered in the Marketplace offer lower costs based on income.

When
you apply for coverage in the Marketplace, one streamlined application will
cover everything including eligibility for Medicaid or the Children's Health
Insurance Program (CHIP).

With that same application, you'll find out if you are
eligible for lower costs on your premiums or out-of-pocket costs based on
income.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              156 of 999 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2014 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                       GlobalData - Business Description

                               February 26, 2014

                     Anthem Health Plans of Virginia, Inc.

                             2015 Staples Mill Road
                              Richmond,  VA 23230
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW

   Anthem Health Plans of Virginia, Inc. (Anthem Health) is a healthcare service
provider.

The company is doing business as Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield of
Virginia.

It offers insurance products such as health insurance, dental
insurance, vision insurance and life insurance.

Anthem Health provides group
health coverage, medicare supplement plans, medical plans and deductible health
plans.

The company operates as a
subsidiary of Anthem Southeast, Inc.

The company's operations are carried out through its affiliates such as
Health Maintenance Organization HMOs, HealthKeepers, Inc., NextRx, Peninsula
Health Care, Inc., Anthem Life and Priority Health Care, Inc., which are
independent licensees of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association.

Its HealthKeepers coverage network includes Primary Care Physician (PCP),
Preventive Care and Wellness, Labs, X-Rays and Other Outpatient Services,
Hospital and Facility Care, Prescription Drug Coverage, Routine Vision Care and
Anthem HealthKeepers Family Health Program.

NextRx, which has been acquired by
Express Scripts Inc., provides pharmacy benefit management services to its
members.

The company offers pharmacy benefit management (PBM) services such as
health insurers, third-party administrators, employers insurance,
union-sponsored benefit plans, workers' compensation plans, government health
programs and many other plans.

The company in addition distributes
pharmaceuticals and medical products to the clinics.

Anthem offers a number of health insurance plans to its customers, such as
Colorado Health Insurance Connecticut Health Insurance, Indiana Health
Insurance, Kentucky Health Insurance, Saint Louis Health Insurance, New
Hampshire Health Insurance, Nevada Health Insurance, Ohio Health Insurance,
Virginia Health Insurance and Wisconsin Health Insurance.

It also offers several
dental insurance life insurance and vision insurance to the individuals.

The
company provides health and medical insurance information for visitors, members,
individuals and families, employers, brokers and producers.

Anthem Health in Colorado and Nevada operates Rocky Mountain Hospital and
Medical Service, Inc; in Connecticut Anthem Health Plans, Inc; in Georgia Blue
Cross and Blue Shield of Georgia, Inc. and Blue Cross Blue Shield Healthcare
Plan of Georgia, Inc.; in Indiana Anthem Insurance Companies, Inc.; in Kentucky
Anthem Health Plans of Kentucky, Inc.; in Maine Anthem Health Plans of Maine,
Inc.; in Missouri RightCHOICE Managed Care, Inc. (RIT), Healthy Alliance Life
Insurance Company (HALIC), and HMO Missouri, Inc.; in New Hampshire Anthem
Health Plans of New Hampshire, Inc.; in Ohio Community Insurance Company; in
Virginia Anthem Health Plans of Virginia, Inc. trades as Anthem Blue Cross and
Blue Shield.

In Wisconsin, the company operates Blue Cross Blue Shield of Wisconsin
(BCBSWi), which underwrites or administers the PPO and indemnity policies;
Compcare Health Services Insurance Compcare Health Services Insurance
Corporation (Compcare) that underwrites or administers the HMO policies.

The
Compcare and BCBSWi collectively underwrite or administer the POS policies.

Anthem Health provides a variety of dental insurance plans and coverage.

The
company's Colorado dental insurance plans offer individual and family dental
coverage.

Its Blue Shield Dental PPO includes coverage for the basics and
provides service like crowns, root canals and dentures.

Anthem has more than
1,300 participating dental PPO dentists in Colorado.

Anthem Life Insurance Company offer products and services to over 89,000
groups, which covers approximately 5.5 million members.

Its products are usually
packaged with the company's health coverage.

The company offers traditional
group insurance plans and alternate funding arrangements and provides
administrative services for self-funded benefit plans.

The products and services
offered by Anthem Life Insurance Company include Group Life Insurance, Group
Disability Insurance, Voluntary Coverage, Administrative Services Only (ASO)
Plans and Value Added Services.

The company through its Group insurance products
offers employee benefit plans, which include group term life, accidental death
and dismemberment (AD&D), dependent life, supplemental life and AD&D, short-term
disability (STD), and long-term disability (LTD) insurance.

Geographically, the company's offices are located in California, Colorado,
Connecticut, Georgia, Indiana, Kentucky, Maine, Missouri, Nevada, New Hampshire,
New York, Ohio, Virginia and Wisconsin, the US.

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Overview
History                                 Key Employees
Key Facts                               Locations and Subsidiaries
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis.

These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases.

Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData.

Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee.

As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2014


                              157 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                   New Orleans CityBusiness (New Orleans, LA)

                           September 27, 2005 Tuesday

America's Health Insurance Plans establishes hotline for victims of hurricanes

BYLINE: CityBusiness Staff Report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 157 words


America's Health Insurance Plans, a national trade association representing
1,300 benefits providers, has established a toll-free hotline for victims of
hurricanes Rita and Katrina who have questions about their health insurance or
do not know how to contact their health insurance plans.

The number is (800)
644-1818 and is available to hurricane victims regardless of their location or
health insurance carrier, AHIP officials said.

"Your health insurance should be the last thing you need to worry about after a
natural disaster," said Karen Ignagni, president and CEO of AHIP.AHIP created
the call center because thousands of evacuees have lost their insurance cards,
while others had been using health care facilities that are not longer operable,
officials said.

Call center professionals will be available 24 hours a day to
help callers locate their insurers.

More information is available at
www.ahip.org/HurricaneResponse.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: New services

                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                              158 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                           November 13, 2014 Thursday

Open enrollment here for health plans

BYLINE: Charles Joffe-Halpern

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 739 words


NORTH ADAMS &GT;&GT;

We are entering a critically important time in Massachusetts for health reform,
as we begin the annual health insurance open enrollment period starting Saturday
and lasting until Feb. 15.

This past year, because of computer difficulties, state-wide approximately
400,000 individuals were enrolled in temporary health insurance.

This includes
300,000 individuals who were enrolled in temporary MassHealth and 100,000
individuals enrolled in an extension of Commonwealth Care and the Medical
Security Plan.

All of these plans are going to end within the next three months
and all individuals enrolled in these plans will have to re-apply for health
insurance to insure they have no gaps in coverage.

An additional 34,000 individuals were enrolled in unsubsidized Qualified Health
Plans.

All individuals enrolled in these plans too, will have to re-apply for
health insurance.

All individuals enrolled in the above plans should be closely watching their
mail for notifications of when their insurance plans will end and about
timelines for re-applying for health insurance.

As the above health insurance plans are ending, it is important for Berkshire
County residents to understand the health insurance plans for which they may now
be eligible.

The new plans include the following:

Qualified Health Plans are health plans that offer all required benefits
specified under national health reform.

They are offered by private insurance
companies and are sold through the Massachusetts Health Connector.

Individuals
with incomes up to 400 percent of the federal poverty guidelines, $46,680 a
year, or $95,400 for a family of four may also be eligible for advanced premium
tax credits, which is money that the federal government pays directly to
insurance companies every month so that individuals have lower monthly premiums
this will significantly reduce the cost health insurance.

ConnectorCare plans are qualified health insurance plans for individuals and
families with incomes up to 300 percent of the fpl, $35,010, or $71,550 of a
family of four.

In addition to premium tax credits, individuals and families
will also receive help paying out-of-pocket costs, such as co-pays and
deductibles.

Qualification for the above programs is contingent on individuals not qualifying
for health insurance that is considered minimal essential coverage, such as
coverage under a government-sponsored program, or an employer sponsored plan.

If
they qualify for coverage through an employer, they may still qualify for health
coverage, if an individual's share of the premium for an individual health plan
is more than 9.5 percent of their family's income, or if the plan offered by the
employer covers less than 60 percent of the health care costs.

MassHealth CarePlus is a MassHealth coverage type for adult citizens and
qualifying noncitizens under age 65 with incomes no greater than 133 percent of
the federal poverty level.

The MassHealth qualification rules use a 133 percent
fpl income limit and a 5 percent income disregard.

In effect, this makes the
income limit to 138 percent of the fpl ($16,112 for an individual).

There are many other health coverage opportunities for which Massachusetts
residents may be eligible.

To find out more about these programs, individuals
can go the MassHealth booklet at:
http://www.mass.gov/eohhs/docs/masshealth/membappforms/aca-1-english-mb .pdf

Locally in Berkshire County, individuals can get assistance learning about and
applying for all health coverage programs at these organizations:

Advocacy for Access, which has offices located at Fairview Hospital in Great
Barrington, 528-5045 and at 510 North Street in Pittsfield, 445-9480.

Community Health Programs, which also serves South County and Central County,
have offices in Great Barrington 528-9311 ext 1163, in Lee at CHP Lee Family
Practice 243-0536, and Pittsfield at the CHP Neighborhood Health Center number
447-2114, ext 5094.

The challenge now is to inform Berkshire residents of their responsibilities,
the health insurance opportunities that are available and where to get help for
assistance.

Social marketing studies have revealed that word-of-mouth is a primary source of
information to learn about health insurance opportunities.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              159 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                               September 1, 2013

Health insurers fight back

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE

LENGTH: 1228 words


The health insurance market is awash with offers for families at the moment.

But
behind the advertising, how do families find the best deals and what pitfalls
should they avoid?

Earlier this year, all four of the insurers in the health insurance market --
VHI, Aviva, Laya and Glo -- announced price increases of varying degrees.

The
latest Central Statistics Office (CSO) figures show that health insurance prices
rose by an average of 12.1 per cent in the last year.

Rising prices are driving people out of the market, with figures published last
Friday by the Health Insurance Authority (HIA) revealing that the number of
people with health insurance is down 64,000 year-on-year.

A report out earlier
this year warned that the community rating system was under threat if the market
continued to shrink.

The report on the future of private health insurance, commissioned by Aviva and
carried out by economist Colm McCarthy, questioned whether the community rating
system was sustainable if not enough young people bought health insurance.

"Once
a concerted shift in the age distribution of members away from the younger age
groups becomes established, rising average premiums can make a community-rated
system dynamically unstable," McCarthy said.

Many families are questioning whether they can still afford health insurance,
and research published earlier this year by insurer Laya revealed that one in
three customers with children were planning to cancel their cover this year.

In a bid to stem the flow of departing customers, insurers have launched a range
of new plans and offers aimed at families who need more affordable cover.

For example, VHI Healthcare is offering half-price cover for children on a
number of its plans, including One Plan Family, Parent & Kids Excess Plan,
Teacher Plan Select and Nurses Plan Select.

The reduced prices apply for
policies commenced or renewed by October 22.

Aviva is running a special offer for children on its Family Focus plan.

Children
aged five to 17 will be charged a reduced price of EUR 150 for annual cover
until October 31.

Laya Healthcare also recently launched a 50 per cent off kids offer on its
FamilyCare scheme.

The offer is available until September 30.

For families,
Glo's ongoing kids offer is attractive, with children under three getting free
cover on the insurers Better, Best, Ultra and Ultimate plans.

Don't just be lured in by a discount.

Look at the cover on offer and see if it
meets your needs.

Also, look at the price that will apply once the offer period
ends.

Aside from the recent batch of offers for families, Dermot Goode of
healthinsurancesa vings.ie said consumers also needed to be aware of the move by
insurers to offer more affordable plans, but with more limited cover.

"These new
plans no longer cover all hospitals," Goode said.

"Insurers have very limited
capacity to cut rates, so they can either provide fewer benefits or cover fewer
hospitals."

Aviva's new range of Focus plans is an example of this approach.

"Because they
provide cover for a selected list of hospitals and exclude some benefits, they
cost less than our standard plans.

The selected list of hospitals provides a
good geographical spread and includes all cancer care centres of excellence," an
Aviva spokeswoman said.

Laya Healthcare is today launching two new plans, Essential Value and Essential
Value 500.

Essential Value will provide cover for a restricted list of public
and private hospitals.

Goode warned consumers that now, in addition to
considering price, benefits, excesses and restricted procedures, they needed to
consider carefully the list of covered hospitals too when choosing a policy.

"Insurers are trying to bring out plans with limited, reduced cover," he said.

"They are aimed at the people who are thinking of cancelling their cover."

However, Goode said that such plans came with "big health warnings" due to the
restricted cover available.

..........................

**What's the cheapest plan on offer at the moment?

**

**VHI Healthcare:**One Plan Starter, EUR 536.25, full cover for semi-private
accommodation in a public hospital.

**Laya Healthcare:**Essential Secure, EUR 495, semi-private cover in the public
hospitals and partial cover in private hospitals.

**Glo:**Basic plan, EUR 560, covers a semi private room in a public hospital or
60 per cent of the rate for a semi private room in a private hospital

**Aviva:**Value Focus, EUR 525, full cover for day cases and inpatient stays in
a private room in selected public hospitals.

..........................

**Tips to get the best deal on your insurance**

While health insurance costs have undoubtedly risen, there are still steps you
can take to cut your bill.

Here are ten tips for negotiating the health insurance market.

**1**When choosing your health insurance cover, remember that you can choose
different types of cover for different members of your family depending on their
requirements.

**2**Be careful with the type of accommodation you select.

Don't pay for a
private room in a private hospital, unless this is a priority for you.

**3**Ask your insurer if they offer student rates, as this could cut the cost of
insuring your kids.

**4**Beware restricted cover.

Some insurers limit the cover they provide for
certain orthopaedic and ophthalmic procedures.

**5**Corporate plans offered to specific companies or large groups can sometimes
represent better value than the more common plans marketed by health insurers.

Consumers can choose to purchase these types of plan, as health insurers are
legally obliged to sell the same products to everyone.

**6**One way to cut costs is to opt for a larger excess on the policy.

The
excess is the first part of a claim, which you must pay yourself.

But take care
when opting for a larger excess, as you could end up paying a lot more for a
small claim.

**7**Also on excesses, make sure you understand what excesses apply and when.

For example, is it a daily excess or a per claim excess?

The difference between
the two could be substantial for a stay in hospital.

**8**Spreading your health insurance bill over the year, rather than paying it
all at once, could cost you more.

Some insurers apply a credit charge for
monthly payments.

**9**Assess the market properly before you switch to an alternative product or
provider.

If you do choose a cheaper plan, establish exactly what cover you are
losing.

The Health Insurance Authority's website (hia.ie) has a tool to make it
easier to pick a plan that is the best fit for you and your family, and allows
you to compare the benefits and cover on different plans.

**10**If health insurance is unaffordable and you do decide to cancel your
cover, keep in mind that, once your cover lapses for more than 13 weeks, you
will have to serve your waiting periods again if you take out cover again in the
future.

.........................

**Health insurance by the numbers**

**2,059,000:**the number of people with inpatient health insurance at the end of
June 2013

**101,000:**number of people insured on health insurance cash plans or products
that provide only outpatient benefits

**64,000:**reduction in the number of people who have health insurance in the
last year

**59 per cent:**market share held by VHI Healthcare

**44.9 per cent:**percentage of the population with health insurance

*Figures from the August 2013 edition of the Health Insurance Authority's
newsletter*

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Post Publications Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              160 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                    September 26, 2013 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Kansas City Announces Details of Plans to be
Available on the Health Insurance Marketplace

LENGTH: 1311  words


New Delhi, Sept. 26 -- Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Kansas City (Blue KC) today
announced details of the Blue KC health insurance plans they are offering on the
Health Insurance Marketplace, under the Affordable Care Act (ACA).

"Consistent with our mission and long-standing commitment to the community,
these new plans build on our goal to offer a broad range of health care coverage
options that fit the needs of individuals and families who call Kansas City
their home," said David Gentile, President and Chief Executive Officer of Blue
KC.

"We've worked hard to ensure our new products offer the same value, service and
support that our members have enjoyed for 75 years.

Health insurance is one of
the most significant decisions families make.

All individuals entering the
market under the ACA should fully understand what they're buying and trust who
they're buying from."

The ACA mandates that all individual plans must provide coverage at designated
"metal" levels.

The defined metal, or coverage, levels are platinum, gold,
silver and bronze.

While monthly premiums are higher for a platinum plan,
subscribers will pay less when they use the plan in the form of deductibles,
coinsurance and copays.

Conversely, the bronze plan monthly premiums will be
lower, but deductibles, coinsurance and copays will be higher.

Pricing differences within metal levels are also determined by network choice.

Blue KC networks include Preferred-Care Blue which offers Blue KC members the
largest selection of providers within our 32-county area, and Blue Select, a new
more limited provider network, available in Clay, Jackson and Platte counties in
Missouri and Johnson and Wyandotte counties in Kansas.

Blue KC will also offer product families at a variety of metal levels.

"Blue & U
First" provides 100 percent in-network coverage after deductible, and the first
four office visits come with no out-of-pocket cost to the member.

The "Blue & U
Saver" is an alternative for the more budget-minded consumer.

As in all plans,
it includes coverage for preventive care prior to deductible but tends to have a
lower deductible that must be met before other benefits are paid.

"Blue & U
Classic" is an insurance plan designed for individuals and families that want
cost certainty through copays when they need commonly-used services along with
coverage for unexpected accidents or illness.

While Blue KC plans will still be available for purchase directly, they will
also be available through the new Health Insurance Marketplace.

Final details on
how the Health Insurance Marketplace will operate are still forthcoming.

However, Blue KC is committed to making the shopping and enrollment process as
easy as possible, and will offer trusted support to all enrollees as they use
their benefits.

Gentile added, "We want to encourage everyone who is using the Health Insurance
Marketplace to closely evaluate their options.

Choosing the best health
insurance for you and your family is much more complicated than buying an
airline ticket.

An online marketplace can't provide personalized guidance to
help you make the best decision.

Health insurance brokers and agents are experts
on helping individuals find plans that best fit their needs and budgets.

Look
for advice from someone you trust before investing in something that can have
lasting effects on your health and pocketbook."

Because of the complex nature of the health insurance industry and the wide
variety of benefits, networks, copays and deductibles available, it is important
to do thorough research to help select the right plan.

Shoppers are encouraged
to visit BlueKC.com, call Blue KC directly at 1-800-645-8356 or talk to a broker
to help guide them through the process.

In addition, shoppers are welcome at the
new Live Blue neighborhood wellness centers, now open in Zona Rosa and opening
October 15 in Prairie Village.

The centers have associates standing by to assist
those seeking coverage.

Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Kansas City (Blue KC)
today announced details of the Blue KC health insurance plans they are offering
on the Health Insurance Marketplace, under the Affordable Care Act (ACA).

"Consistent with our mission and long-standing commitment to the community,
these new plans build on our goal to offer a broad range of health care coverage
options that fit the needs of individuals and families who call Kansas City
their home," said David Gentile, President and Chief Executive Officer of Blue
KC.

"We've worked hard to ensure our new products offer the same value, service and
support that our members have enjoyed for 75 years.

Health insurance is one of
the most significant decisions families make.

All individuals entering the
market under the ACA should fully understand what they're buying and trust who
they're buying from."

The ACA mandates that all individual plans must provide coverage at designated
"metal" levels.

The defined metal, or coverage, levels are platinum, gold,
silver and bronze.

While monthly premiums are higher for a platinum plan,
subscribers will pay less when they use the plan in the form of deductibles,
coinsurance and copays.

Conversely, the bronze plan monthly premiums will be
lower, but deductibles, coinsurance and copays will be higher.

Pricing differences within metal levels are also determined by network choice.

Blue KC networks include Preferred-Care Blue which offers Blue KC members the
largest selection of providers within our 32-county area, and Blue Select, a new
more limited provider network, available in Clay, Jackson and Platte counties in
Missouri and Johnson and Wyandotte counties in Kansas.

Blue KC will also offer product families at a variety of metal levels.

"Blue & U
First" provides 100 percent in-network coverage after deductible, and the first
four office visits come with no out-of-pocket cost to the member.

The "Blue & U
Saver" is an alternative for the more budget-minded consumer.

As in all plans,
it includes coverage for preventive care prior to deductible but tends to have a
lower deductible that must be met before other benefits are paid.

"Blue & U
Classic" is an insurance plan designed for individuals and families that want
cost certainty through copays when they need commonly-used services along with
coverage for unexpected accidents or illness.

While Blue KC plans will still be available for purchase directly, they will
also be available through the new Health Insurance Marketplace.

Final details on
how the Health Insurance Marketplace will operate are still forthcoming.

However, Blue KC is committed to making the shopping and enrollment process as
easy as possible, and will offer trusted support to all enrollees as they use
their benefits.

Gentile added, "We want to encourage everyone who is using the Health Insurance
Marketplace to closely evaluate their options.

Choosing the best health
insurance for you and your family is much more complicated than buying an
airline ticket.

An online marketplace can't provide personalized guidance to
help you make the best decision.

Health insurance brokers and agents are experts
on helping individuals find plans that best fit their needs and budgets.

Look
for advice from someone you trust before investing in something that can have
lasting effects on your health and pocketbook."

Because of the complex nature of the health insurance industry and the wide
variety of benefits, networks, copays and deductibles available, it is important
to do thorough research to help select the right plan.

Shoppers are encouraged
to visit BlueKC.com, call Blue KC directly at 1-800-645-8356 or talk to a broker
to help guide them through the process.

In addition, shoppers are welcome at the
new Live Blue neighborhood wellness centers, now open in Zona Rosa and opening
October 15 in Prairie Village.

The centers have associates standing by to assist
those seeking coverage.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              161 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           The Nikkei Weekly (Japan)

                                December 9, 2002

Medical reform debate at impasse

LENGTH: 637 words

HIGHLIGHT:
LDP committee opposes reliance on young workers to subsidize senior citizens


The government's plan to enact sweeping reforms of the nation's medical system
is in doubt because politicians and welfare officials are sharply divided over
overhauling medical insurance for the elderly, the centerpiece of the proposed
changes.

At odds are the ruling Liberal Democratic Party's Research Commission on
Fundamental Policies for Medical Care, which recently proposed setting up an
independent insurance plan for senior citizens, and the Ministry of Health,
Labor and Welfare, which favors a system under which insurance contributions by
younger people subsidize senior citizens' medical expenses.

The government has said it wants to draw up guidelines for the reforms by the
end of the current fiscal year, which ends on March 31.

Some ministry officials,
however, say there is not enough time to deliberate the two plans.

Japanese people spend more than 30 trillion yen a year on medical care, with
medical expenses for people aged 70 and over accounting for one-third of the
total.

The Welfare Ministry estimates medical costs will balloon to 81 trillion yen in
fiscal 2025, half of which will be for caring for the elderly.

Currently, Japan has a separate medical insurance scheme for the elderly.

Under
this plan, senior citizens paid some 1 trillion yen out of pocket in fiscal
2001, out of a total 11 trillion yen in costs for medical care for seniors.

Of
the remaining 10 trillion yen, 3 trillion yen was financed by tax revenues,
while corporate health insurance unions and National Health Insurance provided
the rest.

Every health insurance union is required to contribute equally to the scheme,
regardless of the number of elderly people among its members.

More than 70% of
health insurance unions are in the red, weighed down by these contributions.

Tough pill to swallow

Yuya Niwa, chairman of the LDP's Research Commission on Fundamental Policies for
Medical Care, said on Nov. 28 that elderly people would have to shoulder more of
the burden of their medical expenses under the independent medical insurance
plan that the party favors.

The proposed program is intended for people aged 75 and older.

Insurance
premiums would cover 10% of total expenses, with public funds covering 50%.

Under the plan, premiums for each health insurance union member would fall by
3,000 yen a year, while National Health Insurance members, many of whom are
senior citizens, would pay an additional 20,000 yen a year, according to the
Welfare Ministry.

Some analysts are skeptical of the viability of an insurance scheme exclusively
for the elderly.

The Welfare Ministry plans to formally release its proposal on revising the
medical care system this month.

The ministry backs the idea of having health
insurance unions with a large proportion of young members assist unions with a
higher percentage of elderly subscribers.

Under the ministry's plan, health insurance unions with proportionately more
young members would continue to provide financial assistance to the National
Health Insurance plan, and National Health Insurance premiums would remain
unchanged.

But the Association of Health Insurance Unions and business circles
have already voiced their opposition.

Costs borne by patients have already increased under the revised health
insurance law, which passed the Diet in July.

Patients aged 70 and older started
paying 10% of their medical bills in October, while those with a substantial
income pay 20%.

In addition, salaried workers will be responsible for paying 30%
of their medical expenses, up from 20%, starting next April.

Unless the LDP and the Welfare Ministry reach a compromise, it looks like this
government will follow the path of previous governments and shelve the difficult
but necessary job of revamping Japan's financially strained medical insurance
system.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2002 Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Inc.


                              162 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Waco Tribune-Herald (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 8, 2009 Wednesday

McLennan County commissioners explore health insurance alternatives

BYLINE: Regina Dennis, Waco Tribune-Herald, Texas

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 624 words


Jul.

8--County employees may save money on insuring their families after the
commissioners court approved offering some alternative health insurance plan
options to workers.

The McLennan County Commissioners Court voted to offer county employees two
alternative HMO plans that feature lower monthly premiums in exchange for
slightly higher routine medical expenses.

The plans were recommended by a
nine-member committee of county officials who sought options to lower employee
family health care costs.

The two alternatives, one from Scott & White and another from First Care, will
be offered in addition to the three base plans and monthly family-rate premiums
of $874.81 and $878.47, respectively.

Commissioner Kelly Snell, who chaired the
health insurance committee, projects that family health insurance premiums will
cost employees around $500.

"The thing here is we just want to give people more affordable options for their
health care so that they can still take care of their families," Snell said.

The county currently pays an insurance credit to each employee to cover the cost
of the premium through the Scott &White HMO.

Employees also can opt to enroll in
First Care HMO or PPO and pay a small monthly fee.

However, health insurance premiums for employees' families currently range up to
$1,437, depending on the plan the employee is enrolled in.

Even with the monthly
premium the county pays to cover the employee's health insurance, premiums for
the family can cost nearly $1,100 each month.

"The cost of health insurance has been eroding employees' paychecks," said
Commissioner Lester Gibson, who also served on the health insurance committee.

"I'm very concerned about our employees who are on our lower-tier salary."

There are some key differences in the plans.

The office visit co-pay for both
alternates is $30, compared to $20 for the base plans.

The alternatives also
impose deductibles -- $1,000 individual deductibles for the First Care HMO and
$1,000 individual or $2,000 family deductible for the Scott &White HMO plan --
while the base plans do not.

Out-of-pocket expenses for surgery and
hospitalizations also will increase with the alternative plans.

The alternatives are being offered as health insurance costs continue to rise.

The county's Scott & White base HMO plan premium will increase by 21 percent
from $370.52 this year to $446.96 for individuals for the upcoming fiscal year.

Of the 860 county employees, 616 use the Scott and White HMO plan, 157 are
enrolled in First Care HMO, and six use the First Care PPO plan.

The county
budgeted $3.6 million for employee health insurance for the 2008-09 fiscal year.

Normally, each employee would receive health insurance credits up to the lowest
individual monthly premium cost, which in this case would be the $366.68 First
Care deductible.

That would mean the 616 county employees who currently use the
Scott & White base HMO insurance plan would have to bear that 21 percent
increase -- an additional $80.24 each month -- or switch to the First Care base
HMO plan or an alternative during the county's open enrollment period Aug. 3-7.

Whether the alternative plans will save the county any money on health insurance
costs remains to be seen.

The commissioners court will decide next week how much
the county will pay for individuals' monthly premiums.

To see more of the Waco Tribune-Herald, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.wacotrib.com.

For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090708-WO-COUNTY-WRKRS-HEALTH-INSURE-20090708

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WO


                       Copyright 2009 Waco Tribune-Herald


                              163 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Investors India

                                February 4, 2015

Health Insurance: Make It Sufficient;
Super Top-Up plans are turning a boon in enhancing the health coverage

LENGTH: 856  words


Super Top-Up plans are turning a boon in enhancing the health coverage

Narendra Anand - Senior VP & Head GI, Bajaj Capital

M any of us feel relieved and protected having bought a health insurance plan.

However, at times, inadequate coverage becomes a concern and therefore a closer
look to health insurance becomes imminent.

Several factors are addressed at the
time of buying - we tend to ask about the benefits, waiting period, pre-existing
clause and what not, but we forget to analyse the adequate need.

What we end up
doing is that we make our own conviction and finally buy an insurance.

Very few
of us actually make a need based anaysis.

Rising inflation could well send medical costs upwards.

From hospitalization to
various diagnostic tests, the costs seem to be increasing with every passing
year.

A seemingly large cover now, becomes shrunken, thanks to inflation and can
really be a big blow to you in the future.

Be it a hit on your savings or worse,
you having to compromise on the healthcare quality - by opting for a cheaper
doctor or hospital, it just isn't worth it.

A concern for health insurance
policy holders at such times is whether their existing cover would be adequate
to meet any medical emergency.

To tackle such concerns of policy holders,
insurance companies offer Super Top ups.

Topping It Up

A top-up health insurance plan is a regular indemnity plan that covers
hospitalization costs but only after a threshold limit is crossed.

In insurance
parlance, this limit is called deductible.

A deductible is that portion of the
claim amount that is not covered by the insurer and has to be paid by the
insured person before the benefits of the policy can kick in.

So, if you already
have a health insurance policy or are covered by your employer, the deductible
limit can be paid by the employer's policy and anything above that limit by the
top-up cover.

Top-Up vs Super Top-Up

However, it is essential to understand the difference between top up and super
top up.

The difference between a super top up plan and a top up plan lies in its
working.

In a top up plan, the reimbursement for medical expenses is for a
single illness.

The expenses for a single injury or disease should be over the
threshold limit to be eligible for a claim.

In a super top-up plan, the expenses
covered are for all illnesses put together that occur during an entire year.

In
other words, the total expenses in a year must be above the threshold level for
the claim to be eligible.

Super top ups prove to be more advantages as they
would cover a range of ailments in a year.

How it works

In a regular health insurance plan, expenses are reimbursed for up to the sum
insured on the policy.

In a top up/super top plan, the medical expenses are
covered on the basis of a threshold limit.

This threshold limit (also known as
compulsory deductibles) is the level from where the plan would start kicking in.

Any claims over and above this threshold limit would be entertained under top
up/super top up plans.

8,00,000
and aggregate deductible of Rs.

The aggregate deductible is the amount
that client's existing health insurance policy will pay for medical expenses
incurred.

If he/she make 3 claims in a policy year and the total claim amount is
Rs.10,00,000 then after the initial Rs.

2,00,000 (aggregate deductible) is paid
by him/her for current health insurance policy, the additional Rs.8,00,000 will
be paid by us.

Conclusion

As far as health insurance needs go, being covered under the corporate group
plan of your employer or buying a policy for a tiny sum insured of, say, Rs.1-2
lakh is not enough.

In fact, this is the most common mistake that people make
with health insurance, which is to settle with little cover or one given by the
employer.

Medical costs have skyrocketed and the process to port health
insurance from a corporate plan to an individual plan is not smooth.

But not
everyone can afford to buy sufficient health cover.

For such individuals, a
health insurance top-up plan is an excellent way to increase the cover while
keeping costs in check.

Having an adequate coverage is a must for all of us in
order to be worry free from health issues, however don't shed away all your hard
erned money as well therefore start investing in smarter options and stay
protected.

Things to remember before buying top up plan

Consider the exact requirement for self or for the family.

* The top-up plan's
deductible should be less than or equal to the base policy sum insured.

* Top-up plans provide dual benefits of low cost and higher sum insured.

*For all those who have parents about to enter the senior citizen category, this
would be the perfect product.

As that is the time when the probability of
falling ill is high and medical expenses are bound to increase.

*For the salaried, who are covered under employer's health insurance policy
should also buy a top-up plan for higher protection.

*Top-ups are one of the cheapest and best ways to enhance your coverage, without
shelling out a lot of money.

Build them into your healthcare planning.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


         Copyright 2015 Bajaj Capital Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              164 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Herald-Journal (Spartanburg, South Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 21, 2013 Monday

Spartanburg County Council to discuss health insurance plan at Monday's meeting

BYLINE: Felicia Kitzmiller, Herald-Journal, Spartanburg, S.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 760 words


Oct. 21--Spartanburg County Council could change course on health insurance
during Monday's regular meeting at 5:30 p.m.

Council has debated various options for providing health insurance to a pool of
about 2,500 individuals, including employees, dependents and retirees.

Faced
with what administrators described as an "astronomical" number of claims, the
cost of the county's self-insured policy was set to increase by $4 million
during this fiscal year.

Negotiating various administrative functions brought
the increase down to $3 million, but facing a budget still stretched by the
economic downturn and more than $10 million less than it was four years ago,
county leaders decided they could not afford the increase.

During the spring budget process, County Administrator Katherine O'Neill
presented a plan that called for design changes to the plan -- including a
smoking surcharge and eliminating dependents with other insurance options -- and
premium increases.

The cost of this proposal to employees was met with outcry, and council reversed
course.

O'Neill presented a plan that would moderate the premium increase and
cut the county budget across the board by 3.5 percent.

Council instead approved
a plan to cut the entire county budget by 5 percent and fully fund insurance.

That plan was protested by some county officials, who said such a cut would
dramatically reduce services.

Council later voted to pursue the state insurance plan, but instructed O'Neill
to bid out the county's plan and find out if there were any alternatives.

Earlier this month, council had a meeting to hear the results of the bid.

Council members were told any option, including moving to the state health
insurance plan, would leave the county in the red this budget year.

Moving to
the state plan would leave the county about $500,000 over budget this year, and
staying self-insured would leave the county about $1.5 million over budget.

While moving to the state plan could provide the county some savings next year,
O'Neill said it is likely those savings would be erased in 2016 when the
county's rates are reassessed.

"There's going to be a change to our employees either way... We simply have more
claims than we can afford," O'Neill said during the last meeting.

Several council members have expressed a reluctance to continue pursuing the
state plan.

Chairman Jeff Horton said he did not have all of the salient
information when he cast a vote during the budget process in favor of moving to
the state plan.

Councilwoman Jane Hall has said she plans to make a motion
Monday to reverse the decision to join the state plan.

O'Neill was tasked with presenting a recommendation for health insurance at
Monday's meeting.

Other government entities have taken similar steps to contain the cost of
insurance.

The city of Spartanburg, for example, is also on a self-funded plan,
and it assesses a surcharge for smokers, disqualifies dependents with other
avenues for insurance and has various wellness incentives.

The city of Spartanburg also does not pay for health insurance for retirees.

Spartanburg County does.

After an eligible county employee retires, his or her health insurance
contributions remain the same as they were during active employment until he or
she qualifies for Medicare.

About 5 percent of Spartanburg County's insurance
pool is retirees, and they make up 16 percent of the cost of the county's plan.

Assistant City Manager Chris Story said the city allows retirees to purchase
insurance through them, but does not continue contributions as they did during
employment.

A representative of Anderson County said it allows retirees to buy into the
state health insurance plan through the county, but also makes no contributions
toward premiums.

Greenville County did not immediately respond to a request for information about
employee and retiree benefits.

Also on County Council's agenda are:

_Fee-in-lieu of tax agreements for Copac Global Packaging, A. L. Industries Inc.
and Heiche US Surface Technology;

_Various grant applications and employee reclassification requests;

_Consideration of a historic designation for Apalache Mills that would grant the
site a special tax assessment;

_Purchase of the Clifton 2 Mill site, which has been proposed for a new county
park.

County Council will have an executive session at 2:30 p.m., and committee
meetings will begin at 3:30 p.m. in council chambers.

___ (c)2013 Spartanburg Herald-Journal (Spartanburg, S.C.) Visit the Spartanburg
Herald-Journal (Spartanburg, S.C.) at www.GoUpstate.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131021-SG-Spartanburg-County-Council-to-discuss-health-insurance-plan
-20131021

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SG


                         Copyright 2013 Herald-Journal


This document could not be formatted for delivery.

If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

166 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                                  June 6, 2001

Healthcare and medical planning

SECTION: Business; Pg.

25

LENGTH: 948 words


WHAT is health insurance?

Why do I need it?

Sometimes they even become critically ill. To get better,
they often need treatment from the best medical practitioners that money
can buy.

Everybody has a horror story in these days of increasingly expensive
private healthcare of patients being turned away because they are unable
to pay to be admitted to a private hospital.

The only problem is many people still think that such horror stories
only involve other people and that it will never happen to them.

In fact, health insurance is usually the last thing on a Malaysian's
mind, judging by whatever little statistics we have on the industry.

According to reports, less than 40 per cent of Malaysians have any form of
personal health or medical insurance.

In fact, many people are not even sure what actually constitutes health
insurance.

Simply put, health insurance is the individual's protection
against medical costs.

It usually provides for either direct payment or
reimbursement for expenses associated with illnesses and injuries.

With the rising cost of healthcare and the high probability of national
healthcare services being privatised and Government hospitals being
corporatised, health insurance is becoming an increasing necessity in
today's world.

The costs of medical care and treatment have soared to new heights in
recent years and are expected to rise even further.

For long term or terminal illnesses such as cancer, kidney failure or
heart disease, the future is even bleaker.

Chemotherapy, dialysis
treatments and heart surgery, especially in the private sector, do not
come cheap.

Just take some time out and think about the enormous medical costs you
would incur if you suffered a major injury tomorrow or were suddenly
stricken with a life-threatening illness.

Uninsured people live with these
risks every day.

Health insurance can provide a shield.

What sort of medical plans are there in the market?

Because of the increasing sophistication of consumers, not to mention
the increasing number of possible negative scenarios in the modern world,
there are several types of health and medical insurance packages in the
market.

While these plans may sound the same, there are a number of major and
minor differences and it is best to do your own research over the Internet
to familiarise yourself with the terms or contact some insurance companies
and ask all the questions you need before deciding on a plan.

However, there are four broad categories of health insurance in the
Malaysian market - group health insurance, hospitalisation benefit plan,
hospital and surgical plan, and accident and/or critical illness plan.

Most - but not all - employers provide some form of group health
insurance, sometimes even extending to the immediate family.

Besides, the
coverage ceases when you leave the company.

Therefore, it would be
advisable to find out what you are covered for under the group insurance
and buy a policy for what you are not covered for, which would probably
include many eventualities such as terminal illnesses.

Under the hospitalisation benefit plan, the insurance company will pay
you a fixed amount on a per night basis for the extent of your stay in the
hospital regardless of the actual amount incurred.

The advantage of this plan is that the amount is paid on top of whatever
other health insurance plans you already have.

It is suitable for those
who already have some form of coverage from their group insurance.

The hospital and surgical plan is fairly self-explanatory.

It will pay
for your hospital and surgical bills and is most suitable for those
without group health insurance.

However, a word of caution.

Some people make the mistake of paying for
two such plans, which is unnecessary as this plan operates on a
reimbursement format.

This means you can only collect once from one
company, regardless of how many other such plans you have paid for.

A recent innovation in this field, in line with the Government's move to
promote a more cashless society, is the medical card, which enables
policyholders to be admitted into selected hospitals without having to pay
admission fees or deposits.

This hassle-free medical plan is gaining
increasing popularity.

The accident and critical illness plan is also self-explanatory.

The
plan pays a fixed lump sum plus any other bonus - if your plan comes with
it - upon the occurrence of an accident or a diagnosis of any one of the
major illnesses listed in the insurance contract.

This plan is highly advisable, as such major illnesses would not only
rack up high medical fees but also jeapordise your income earning ability.

However, it is also advisable to read the fine print for these types of
packages as some plans specify coverage in only in cases of accident.

Ultimately, the cost and range of protection provided by your health
insurance would depend on your insurance provider and the policy you buy.

While price - or in this case, the premium you can afford - is an
important consideration, there could be other factors influencing your
decision when it comes to choosing a health insurance plan.

Check certain details such as the limit in plans like hospitalisation
and surgical benefits and exclusion clauses detailing items or illnesses
not covered by the plan.

However, as a consumer, the most important thing to do is to read and
understand the fine print before putting your signature to the contract.

Next week: Savings and investment through insurance

For further questions, queries and comments, please visit www.hla.com.my


LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Where insurance is a celebration of life - Part 4.

Copyright 2001 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad

                              167 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           February 5, 2015 Thursday

More than 105,000 Oklahomans are signed up for Obamacare coverage

BYLINE: FROM STAFF REPORTS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg.

7

LENGTH: 244 words


Since late January, more than 105,000 Oklahomans have selected or were
automatically re-enrolled in private health insurance plans through the health
insurance marketplace, federal data shows.The health insurance marketplace,
available through HealthCare.gov, was created through the Affordable Care Act,
or Obamacare, to offer residents options to buy private health insurance plans.

Oklahoma is one of several states where plans are offered through the federal
health insurance marketplace, rather than a state-run marketplace.Of the
residents who have selected or been re-enrolled in plans since Jan. 30, 42,868
people were in the Oklahoma City area, and 26,757 were in the Tulsa area.The
deadline to enroll in coverage is Feb.

"Consumers should
shop at HealthCare.gov for an affordable plan that fits their budget and health
needs.

"Oklahoma residents can choose from about 30 private health insurance
plans offered through the marketplace.In the first two months of open
enrollment, 81 percent of Oklahoma consumers who selected health insurance plans
were determined eligible for financial assistance to lower their monthly
premiums.

Assistance is available to some residents, based on income and
household size.Last year, 69,221 people in Oklahoma selected plans through the
marketplace by the end of the 2013-14 initial open enrollment period.

From Staff Reports


LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                              168 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           February 4, 2015 Wednesday

More than 105,000 Oklahomans are signed up for Obamacare coverage

BYLINE: FROM STAFF REPORTS

SECTION:

LENGTH: 241 words


Since late January, more than 105,000 Oklahomans have selected or were
automatically re-enrolled in private health insurance plans through the health
insurance marketplace, federal data shows.The health insurance marketplace,
available through HealthCare.gov, was created through the Affordable Care Act,
or Obamacare, to offer residents options to buy private health insurance plans.

Oklahoma is one of several states where plans are offered through the federal
health insurance marketplace, rather than a state-run marketplace.Of the
residents who have selected or been re-enrolled in plans since Jan. 30, 42,868
people were in the Oklahoma City area, and 26,757 were in the Tulsa area.The
deadline to enroll in coverage is Feb.

"Consumers should
shop at HealthCare.gov for an affordable plan that fits their budget and health
needs.

"Oklahoma residents can choose from about 30 private health insurance
plans offered through the marketplace.In the first two months of open
enrollment, 81 percent of Oklahoma consumers who selected health insurance plans
were determined eligible for financial assistance to lower their monthly
premiums.

Assistance is available to some residents, based on income and
household size.Last year, 69,221 people in Oklahoma selected plans through the
marketplace by the end of the 2013-14 initial open enrollment period.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                              169 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                           November 22, 2005 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

O'Brien delays health insurance changes to July

BYLINE: Nick Kotsopoulos, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg.

A1

LENGTH: 716 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


City Manager Michael V. O'Brien is delaying until July 1 health care costs
reforms for municipal and public school retirees enrolled in conventional city
health insurance plans.

Mr. O'Brien said yesterday his decision to delay the reforms six months will
afford those retirees an opportunity to research and evaluate the various health
care options provided by the city.

He said the changes will be thoroughly explained to retirees when the city holds
its next open enrollment for health insurance, in late April or early May.

Retirees who choose to remain on conventional health insurance plans will pay 20
percent of their health insurance premium costs, while the city will pay 80
percent, the manager said.

Currently, retirees contribute no more than 13
percent to the cost of health care.

There will also be a three-tiered drug prescription co-pay ($10/$20/$35)
compared to the two-tiered plan ($5/$10) that now exists, and office visit
co-pays will increase from $5 to $10.

"I will institute a thorough outreach to these retirees on conventional plans to
provide them all the information necessary as to the various opportunities
available during open enrollment," Mr. O'Brien said.

"Additional information
sessions will be held for all retirees to learn more about this topic and to
better prepare for the changes in plan designs."

The manager's decision to delay implementation of his health care cost reforms
comes just one week after introducing it to the City Council.

Retirees objected
to the plan as a whole, while several city councilors roundly criticized the
process and timing used by the manager, calling it a "major mistake" on his
part.

Mr. O'Brien initially wanted to implement the cost reforms Jan. 1.

He said his
planned changes for retirees alone would save the city $2 million.

But after several city councilors criticized the process used by the manager,
Mr. O'Brien last Tuesday night agreed to delay implementing the plan one week,
so he could have more time to study the matter.

After further analysis and
weighing the concerns raised by the council, the manager decided to delay the
plan until July 1.

Mr. O'Brien said his decision to defer the health insurance reforms for retirees
on conventional plans has a cost associated with it of about $500,000.

To offset the anticipated loss in health insurance savings, the manager is
recommending the use of property taxes generated from new construction, so the
existing health insurance benefits can be maintained.

He said tax revenues from
new construction have come in much higher than what was budgeted for this fiscal
year.

"With this six-month deferment, I believe it provides these retirees the
opportunity to evaluate their health care plan choices and make informed choices
on these benefits," Mr. O'Brien said.

The reforms are intended to help put the brakes on the city's skyrocketing
health insurance costs and align its health plans with trends in both the public
and private industry.

Since 2001, overall city health insurance costs have
increased 98 percent, from $33.4 million to nearly $65.9 million, the manager
said.

That increase is 35 percent higher than the statewide average.

There are 4,431 retirees enrolled in health insurance plans offered by the city.

Of that total, 2,731 are in Medicare supplemental plans.

Mr. O'Brien said those
retirees have been and will continue to pay 25 percent contribution rates, while
the city pays 75 percent.

Meanwhile, the remaining 1,700 retirees are in conventional active health plans,
such as Blue Cross and Blue Shield Blue Choice, Fallon Select and Fallon Direct.

Under those plans, the city picks up the tab for 87 percent of the premiums for
the Blue Cross plan it offers and 90 percent of the premiums for the plans
provided by Fallon.

"We have made our goal clear - we must create a financially healthy employee
insurance system going forward - an insurance system that is fair, equitable and
promises long-term stability for Worcester retirees, active employees and
Worcester taxpayers," Mr. O'Brien said.

"The alternative to doing nothing to tame this financial problem is further
erosion of city services, lower classroom sizes, fewer public safety personnel,
deterioration of city buildings, parks and the elimination of street and
sidewalk improvements," he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              170 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              July 6, 2015 Monday

UT changes student insurance policy

BYLINE: Vanessa McCray, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 578 words


July 06--Many University of Toledo students no longer will be required to have
health insurance, at least not by UT.

UT changed its student health insurance policy to reflect national health care
reforms and the ability to purchase plans through a health insurance
marketplace, which began enrolling people in 2013.

Previously, students taking six or more on-campus credit hours per term were
enrolled in health coverage offered by UT.

They could opt out if they had other
comparable health insurance, such as through a family member, employer, or
another source.

UT trustees recently changed the policy to make insurance no longer mandatory
for many students.

Some international students and those in select programs,
such as those studying to be a doctor or nurse, must carry insurance.

The university will continue to offer insurance plans, and students may
voluntarily enroll if they are taking at least one credit hour per semester.

"With the passage of the Affordable Care Act, it became redundant for the
university to mandate health insurance for students," university spokesman
Meghan Cunningham said.

The change comes as a dwindling number of students elected to remain in UT
plans.

In fall of 2009, 4,253 students were insured through university-offered
plans.

Children are now allowed to remain on their parents' health insurance plans
until age 26.

Individuals also can purchase plans at various levels of coverage
through an online exchange established as part of Obamacare.

The options have resulted in fewer students enrolling in plans offered through
UT, Ms. Cunningham said.

"This change in policy should not affect the number of students who are
uninsured," she said.

The law penalizes most people who can afford health insurance but choose not to
buy it.

For those without coverage in 2015, the fine is either 2 percent of
yearly household income or $325 per person, whichever is higher.

A single student on a domestic plan offered through UT pays $3,659 for a year of
coverage.

There is no deductible if the student goes to a UT provider.

The
annual deductible is $150 for in-network but off-campus provider and $300 for
out-of-network providers.

UT's plan is run by a subsidiary of Medical Mutual of Ohio and includes pharmacy
coverage.

At Bowling Green State University, a student registered for eight or more credit
hours on the main campus must either be covered by a health insurance plan that
meets BGSU's requirements or enroll in a BGSU student plan.

About 2,000 students are enrolled in health coverage through the university.

The
number has not dropped significantly since the introduction of marketplace
plans, officials said.

For a plan with a $1,500 deductible, a student pays $1,608 a year.

For a plan
with a $500 deductible, a student pays $1,786 annually.

The plans include
pharmacy coverage.

The provider is United HealthCare Student Resources.

"Student insurance provides an important option for students to ensure that they
are covered," said Dick Sipp, BGSU's associate vice president for student
affairs and executive director for the Center for Health.

Owens Community College does not require students to have insurance or offer
student health insurance, a spokesman said.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150706-TO-UT-changes-student-insurance-policy-0706-20150706

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2015 The Blade

                              171 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         WALL STREET JOURNAL ABSTRACTS

                          September 23, 2003, Tuesday

HEALTH INSURANCE TRADE GROUPS PLAN TO MERGE

BYLINE: BY SARAH LUECK

SECTION: Section B; Page 6, Column 4

LENGTH: 39 words


Two leading health-insurance trade groups, the American Assn of Health Plans and
the Health Insurance Assn of America, plan to merge; together, the two group's
1,400 members provide health coverage to more than 200 million people (M)

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  WSJ

              Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company: Abstracts

                              172 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        SUNDAY TELEGRAM (Massachusetts)

                             March 27, 2011 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Health insurance changes coming;
Budget stake could spear 131 jobs

BYLINE: Nick Kotsopoulos

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; POLITICS AND THE CITY; Pg.

B2

LENGTH: 911 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


One way or another, health insurance for Worcester's municipal employees seems
destined for major change.

That's because the fiscal 2012 municipal budget will largely be shaped by
whether City Manager Michael V. O'Brien is able to fully implement a plan he has
come up with to lower the city's budget-choking health insurance costs.

If he is unable to do so, he said, he will have no choice but to include 131
municipal employee layoffs in his fiscal 2012 budget proposal, which he plans on
presenting to the City Council in late April.

Those layoffs would include 46
police officers, including 10 superior officers, plus 45 firefighters and 40
employees in the Department of Public Works and Parks.

Even if the city's collective bargaining groups don't buy into the city
manager's health insurance plan at this time, it doesn't mean that the status
quo for health insurance will be maintained.

Municipal employees could very well
end up in a plan similar to what the manager has proposed not too far down the
road, only that plan would be administered by the state and there would be no
local control.

"We have worked together on incremental reforms to change the provision of
employee health care to date, but it is clear our pace of reforms is far
outstripped by these skyrocketing costs," Mr. O'Brien said.

"It is a law of
diminishing returns at work, with attrition of positions and continued services
cuts and more on the horizon.

There are realistic and reasonable solutions
before us to save jobs and services."

Because the soaring cost of employee health insurance has put such a
stranglehold on the municipal budgets in Worcester and many other communities,
efforts are under way at the state level to provide municipalities with some
relief from those costs.

Deval L. Patrick's employee health care bill would require municipalities
and their unions to develop changes in their health insurance plans similar to
the state's health insurance pool administered by the Group Insurance
Commission.

If such agreements could not be brokered between municipalities and their
unions, then they would be required to join the state Group Insurance Commission
and all local control would be lost.

Another bill before the Legislature, meanwhile, would grant cities and towns
universal authority to modify their health insurance plan designs, including
co-pays and deductibles.

The problem is that the Legislature probably won't enact any health insurance
reforms until it wraps up its work on the state budget in late June.

But
Worcester's city manager can't wait that long; Mr. O'Brien has to come out with
his fiscal 2012 budget proposal by May 1 and the open enrollment for employee
health insurance begins next month.

Compounding the problem is the fact that the city is currently facing a $7
million shortfall in its fiscal 2012 budget.

That means that between now and May
1, Mr. O'Brien has to find a way to wipe out that huge shortfall.

Because he cannot afford to wait for the Legislature to act, Mr. O'Brien and his
administration have developed a new health insurance plan, in partnership with
local health care providers.

The new plan includes an innovative local health care network designed
specifically for city employees.

It incorporates provider discounts and an
improved medical management program that gives employees access to high-quality
health insurance providers.

Mr. O'Brien said the plan mirrors the state's GIC, but it maintains local
control.

He said the plan would include lower premiums for the city and
employees.

In turn, however, employees would have to pay deductibles and tiered
co-payments that are similar to those in GIC health plans and higher than what
they pay now.

Last week, Mr. O'Brien announced he is moving all municipal employees not
represented by a collective bargaining group into that new health plan,
effective July 1.

The movement of those 630 employees off traditional health
insurance plans to a GIC-like health plan is expected to save the non-school
side of the municipal government up to $500,000.

Mr. O'Brien said if all other city-side employees were to agree to move into
that plan it would reduce the city's fiscal 2012 deficit by $5 million.

In
addition, the Worcester public schools would avoid cost increases in the range
of $7 million to $8 million, he said.

Several city councilors have praised the city manager for taking such a
pro-active approach to save as many municipal jobs as possible.

"I'm impressed by the creativity in trying to deal with this huge problem we
have regarding health insurance increases," said District 3 Councilor Paul P.
Clancy Jr.

Mayor Joseph C. O'Brien said while he is encouraged by the manager's proposal,
he urged caution in moving forward with the process.

"I think we all agree that no one wants to see fewer police officers out on the
streets, fewer firefighters on (fire) trucks or fewer teachers in classrooms,"
Mayor O'Brien said.

"But we need to get everyone back to the table so there can
be open discussions with our unions about this."

City Manager O'Brien, meanwhile, said he has already had discussions about his
plan with the leadership of the city-side municipal unions and the Insurance
Advisory Committee, and is willing to discuss it further with them.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              173 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         Sedona Red Rock News (Arizona)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 26, 2014

Deadline approaches for insurance penalty

BYLINE: Sedona Red Rock News staff

LENGTH: 489  words


As the Monday, March 31, deadline for buying health insurance gets closer, I
wanted to tell you about alternative ways to purchase a health plan --
especially if you have a higher income.

Many lower-income Arizonans will qualify for lower costs on their coverage, but
only if they purchase it through the Health InsuranceMarketplace, at the
government website.

However, if you're not eligible for lower costs, you can buy health coverage
through an insurance company, an agent or broker or an online insurance seller
as well as the website.

Eligibility for lower costs on health coverage is based on your income and
household, size.

Generally, you won't qualify if your estimated 2014 income is
above $45,960 for an individual.

For a family of four, the income cutoff is
$94,200.

If you don't qualify for lower costs based on your income, you can get
coverage in one of the following ways:

Directly from an insurance company.

You can contact any health insurance company
and see plans available in your area.

Many have websites that let you compare
all plans available from that company.

With the help of an insurance agent or broker.

Agents generally work for a
single health insurance company.

Brokers generally sell plans from a number of
companies.

They can help you compare plans based on features and price and
complete your enrollment.

You don't pay more by using an agent or broker since
they're generally paid by the insurance company whose plans they sell.

From an online health insurance seller.

These services offer health insurance
plans from a number of insurance companies.

They let you compare prices and
features and then enroll with the insurance company.

Through the Health Insurance Marketplace.

You can apply and enroll through the
Health Insurance Marketplace website whether or not you qualify for lower costs
based on your income.

No matter how you buy them, health insurance plans generally offer the same set
of essential health benefits, free preventive services, coverage for preexisting
conditions and other rights and protections under the Affordable Care Act.

Most plans available outside the Marketplace meet the requirement to provide
adequate coverage under the ACA.

This means you won't have to pay the penalty
that some people must pay if they don't have coverage in 2014.

But keep in mind that not all plans you buy outside the Marketplace meet the
adequacy requirement.

Most insurers must tell you if the plan you're buying qualifies as coverage
under the ACA.

After open enrollment ends, generally the only way you can buy a health
insurance plan is if you have a qualifying life event that gives you a special
enrollment period.

That's true whether you buy your health insurance through the Marketplace or
other ways.

David Sayen is Medicare's regional administrator for Arizona, California,
Hawaii, Nevada and the Pacific Territories.

Copyright 2014 Sedona Red Rock News

                              174 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 13, 2016 Tuesday

Deadline for Insurance Changes is Friday, December 16

LENGTH: 401  words

DATELINE: New York



 New York: State University of New York Polytechnic Institute has issued the
following news release:



  Below you will find some important information regarding the various health
insurance programs that are available to eligible employees.

2017 Option Transfer Period



 The Option Transfer Period is the time of year when all employees eligible for
health insurance may make changes to their New York State Health Insurance
Program (NYSHIP) plan option for the 2017 plan year.

This includes changes
from:



      A NYSHIP HMO to The Empire Plan

     The Empire Plan to a NYSHIP HMO

     One NYSHIP HMO to another NYSHIP HMO

     A NYSHIP health plan to the Opt-Out Program

     The Opt-Out Program to a NYSHIP health plan



 The deadline for changing health insurance options is December 16, 2016.

To
change your health insurance option for 2017, you must complete a NYS Health
Insurance Transaction Form (attached).

This form is also available in the Human
Resources Office.

NEW - 2017 Health Insurance Bi-Weekly Rates



 The bi-weekly health insurance rates for 2017 have been announced and are as
follows:







 Salary Grade 9 and below;UUP employees with annualized salaries equal to
$41,756 or less      Salary Grade 10 and above; UUP employees with annualized
salaries greater than $41,756

 Plan     Individual     Family     Individual     Family

 The Empire Plan     $39.91     $175.53     $53.21     $208.92

 CDPHP HMO     $75.92     $218.90     $88.36     $251.26

 HMOBlue     $107.49     $328.05     $119.78     $360.05

 MVP Healthcare     $87.33     $202.12     $99.32     $233.14





 Opt-Out Program for 2017



 In 2017, NYSHIP will continue to offer the Opt-Out Program, which allows
eligible employees who have other employer-sponsored group health insurance to
opt out of their NYSHIP coverage in exchange for an incentive payment.

The
incentive payment is $1,000 for opting out of individual coverage or $3,000 for
opting out of family coverage on an annual basis.

The incentive payments are
prorated and added to your bi-weekly paycheck as taxable income.

If you are interested in participating in the Opt-Out Program, you must
complete a NYS Health Insurance Transaction Form and an Opt-Out Attestation
Form.

These forms may also be obtained in the Human Resources Office



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              175 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 24, 2007 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Romney to Pitch a State-by-State Health Insurance Plan

BYLINE: By MICHAEL LUO

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg.

15

LENGTH: 842 words


Mitt Romney, an architect of Massachusetts' universal health coverage plan, is
unveiling his proposal for overhauling the nation's health care system, calling
for a state-by-state approach that he says will help millions of uninsured in
this country gain access to affordable medical coverage.

The proposal, which Mr. Romney will detail today before the Florida Medical
Association, departs significantly from the universal health care measure that
he helped forge as governor of Massachusetts, reflecting the conservative
audience he must now appeal to in order to win the Republican presidential
nomination.

It relies on federal incentives for market reforms, tax deductions
and other changes to encourage people to buy health insurance and drive down
costs.

''He's run away from the Massachusetts plan,'' said Stuart Altman, a health
economist at Brandeis University who worked in the Nixon administration and has
helped advise many politicians since, including Senator Barack Obama, a
Democratic presidential contender.

The Massachusetts plan, which went into effect this year and is still being
watched closely to see how it will fare, was Mr. Romney's signal legislative
accomplishment as governor but has  elements that trouble many conservatives,
most notably a mandate that everyone who can afford it must buy health insurance
or face penalties.

Mr. Romney often promotes  his health care bill in Massachusetts on the campaign
trail, holding it up as a private-market-based solution to the problem of the
uninsured, as opposed to ''socialized medicine,'' or ''Hillary-care,'' as he
often says.

But he almost never mentions the requirement that individuals buy
coverage.

There is no individual mandate in Mr. Romney's plan for the rest of the country.

Instead, it concentrates on a ''federalist'' approach, premised on the belief
that it is impossible to create a uniform system for the entire country.

Along
these lines, the federal government would offer incentives to states to take
their own necessary steps to bring down the cost of health insurance.

According to a preview of the presentation provided by Mr. Romney's policy
advisers yesterday, Mr. Romney will highlight how the nearly 45 million
uninsured in the country can be divided into roughly three groups: about a third
are eligible for public programs but are not enrolled; a third are low income
but ineligible for public programs and need some help from the government to
purchase health insurance; a third are middle income but have chosen not to buy
health insurance.

In his plan, Mr. Romney proposes taking federal money currently being used to
help states cover the cost of medical care for the uninsured and offering that
money to states to help low-income people who are not eligible for Medicaid and
other public programs to buy their own private health insurance.

The same pool of money will be wielded as a carrot for states to reform their
health insurance regulations to help drive costs down and make plans affordable.

That would include reducing the number of requirements for coverage that states
impose on health insurance providers or lifting restrictions in some states on
health maintenance organizations.

''For those people who are middle income or higher, a lot of times they're
making a basic calculation that it's too expensive to buy health insurance,''
said Sally Canfield, Mr. Romney's policy director.

Mr. Romney, who helped found a hugely successful private equity firm, argues
that the existing tax system penalizes those who do not acquire their health
insurance through their employer, and that has prevented the development of a
vigorous, affordable health insurance market.

Those who acquire health insurance
from their employers pay for their premiums with pre-tax dollars, but those who
do not must use post-tax dollars to buy it.

So Mr. Romney wants to allow people
who buy their own health insurance to be able to deduct premiums, deductibles
and co-payments from their income.

Eventually, Ms. Canfield said, the goal would be for people to be able to opt
out of employer plans if they do not like them and go out on the individual
market to buy health insurance on their own.

Other elements of Mr. Romney's plan include altering the federal financing for
state Medicaid programs to encourage restructuring by states and even helping
low-income people buy private coverage, as well as capping punitive damages on
medical liability lawsuits.

Several experts, however, questioned the viability of aspects of Mr. Romney's
plan, including whether the proposed tax incentives will be enough to spur
individuals to buy health insurance, without any consequences like they face in
Massachusetts if they do not.

''Those individuals have free will,'' said Alan B. Cohen, executive director of
the Health Policy Institute at Boston University.

''They can go out and spend
that money on anything they want.

They might not spend it on insurance.

If they
don't spend it on insurance, the rest of us still end up paying for their
care.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Mitt Romney, talking this week in Reno, Nev., will outline his
health care plan today.

(PHOTOGRAPH BY CATHLEEN ALLISON/ ASSOCIATED PRESS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company

                              176 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 21, 2007 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Bush Seeks Shift in Health Coverage;
He Would Tax Those With Higher-Priced Plans, Give Breaks for Buying Cheaper Ones

BYLINE: Michael A. Fletcher, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A Section; A04

LENGTH: 1047 words


President Bush will propose a deep tax break for Americans who purchase their
own medical insurance and would finance it with an unprecedented tax on a
portion of high-priced health-care plans that workers receive from their
employers, according to the White House.

The initiative, which the president briefly previewed in his radio address
yesterday, has a dual purpose: It would create a financial incentive for the
estimated 46 million to 48 million Americans who lack health insurance to buy
it.

And it would rein in the soaring cost of health insurance by encouraging
workers in high-priced plans to seek more modest coverage.

"Today, the tax code unfairly penalizes people who do not get health insurance
through their job," Bush said.

"It unwisely encourages workers to choose overly
expensive, gold-plated plans.

The result is that insurance premiums rise and
many Americans cannot afford the coverage they need."

The proposal, which Bush plans to fully unveil in Tuesday's State of the Union
address, marks a sharp departure for a president who has been criticized for
advocating tax cuts that disproportionately benefit higher-income Americans.

Administration officials familiar with the plan say it reflects the new
political order in Washington, where Democrats now control both chambers of
Congress.

They refuse to characterize the plan as a tax increase because it
raises no new money for the federal government.

Instead, it would add a new tax
on employer-provided health-care plans worth more than $15,000 to subsidize
those who buy modestly priced plans out of their pockets.

In addition, they say, the plan is consistent with the president's idea of
increasing access to health insurance through the private market while
encouraging people to be more cost-conscious as they purchase medical-care
coverage.

In his speech Tuesday night, the president will also propose increasing the
federal assistance to states that make private health-care plans available to
low-income or chronically unhealthy people who are uninsured.

The administration
hopes to provide waivers under Medicaid  --  the government health insurance
program for the poor that is jointly funded by the federal government and the
states  --  to allow states to redirect money from hospitals and nursing homes
to individuals to help them buy health insurance.

Some states are already moving to offer health-care coverage to the uninsured.

Arnold Schwarzenegger (R) recently announced a plan to provide
coverage to about 6.5 million people, including many recent immigrants, who are
uninsured.

If the plan is approved by the state legislature, California would
become the fourth state  --  along with Massachusetts, Vermont and Maine  --  to
offer near-universal health insurance.

Taken together, Bush's proposals are his most ambitious attempt to address the
health-care crisis.

In the past, Bush had pushed for limited tax breaks to help
people buy health insurance, but those initiatives never gained traction.

He has
also advocated health savings accounts, consumer-driven plans with higher
deductibles and lower premiums than those in traditional insurance.

The new tax measure would attempt to roughly equalize the benefits of people who
have health insurance, whether they buy it or receive it from employers.

The estimated 150 million people covered by employer-provided health insurance
are not taxed on the value of their health insurance, regardless of how much it
is worth.

The average employer-provided family health insurance plan costs
$11,500 a year, administration officials said  --  three times what it cost 19
years ago.

Under the president's proposal, workers who receive employer-provided health
insurance would have to pay a tax on the cost of their benefit above $15,000,
the threshold proposed by Bush for the tax break.

For instance, if a person's
health insurance costs $16,000, he would pay a tax on the $1,000 difference.

People with families who buy low-cost policies, meanwhile, would have their
taxable income reduced by $15,000, regardless of the cost of the plans and
whether they itemize deductions on their tax returns.

The deduction would be
$7,500 for single individuals.

The deduction, to be indexed to account for
inflation, would also be extended to those with employer-provided plans, to be
offset by the cost of their coverage.

"This is a huge incentive for the uninsured to get coverage, but, also, the vast
majority of people with employer-provided coverage will benefit as well," a
senior administration official said.

"This is essentially a standard deduction
for health care, and the size of the deduction will be significantly higher than
the cost of an average policy."

The Bush administration estimates that 80 percent of people with
employer-provided plans would see their tax liability fall because the deduction
would be larger than the value of their insurance plans.

The idea of ending the taxpayer subsidy for what some in the health industry
call "Cadillac health insurance" policies and using the savings to subsidize
insurance for those who do not have it has been around for at least two decades,
experts said.

Underlying the idea is the belief that the current tax structure
essentially adds to the inflationary pressure on health care by subsidizing
expensive health-care plans, making coverage even more unaffordable for those
who do not have it.

But now may be an interesting moment to resurrect the idea because the new
Democratic Congress has vowed not to initiate any new programs that cannot pay
for themselves.

Additionally, the idea of imposing a tax on those with generous
coverage to help those without it has a progressive cast that could appeal to
Democrats.

"It is being proposed by a Republican, but it's kind of a Democrat
idea," said Robert Laszewski, a health policy consultant.

"It should be
something that will interest a lot of Democrats."

Still, some leading Democrats are skeptical of the plan.

"It is good that the
president is finally talking about health care," said Sen. Edward M. Kennedy
(D-Mass.

), chairman of the Senate committee that oversees health-care matters.

"I question, however, why the president thinks the way to solve this problem is
through the tax code."

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post

                              177 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                       May 8, 2013 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

SBI General Insurance: If Cost of Living, Rentals & Lifestyles are Different in
Different Cities why Should the Health Insurance Premium be Same?

8 -- SBI General Insurance Company Limited (SBI General), the
general insurance arm of State Bank of India (SBI) is asking you to be smart &
logical when it comes to the question of selecting your Health Insurance.

SBI General's Health Insurance Policy is a location based health plan wherein
the premium is based on the probable location of treatment to be availed by the
customer.

The Policy also offers some useful in built features like
Convalescence benefit, parental and child care and increase in Sum Insured (SI)
in case of accidental hospitalisation.

The Location based Health Plan of SBI General allows you to pay premium which is
commensurate with the cost of treatment in your city.

The Health Insurance
Policy offers 3 Smart Plan Options to choose from: PLAN A (Mumbai & New Delhi);
PLAN B (Ahmedabad, Kolkata, Chennai, Bangalore & Hyderabad) and PLAN C - Rest of
India.

Introducing the SBI General's Health Insurance Policy to the media, Mr.Bhaskar J
Sarma, MD & CEO of SBI General Insurance said, "In country like India with a
huge diversity in Per capita income as well as cost of treatment between various
cities, we really need a health Insurance which is priced just right for the
location.

Health Insurance that is affordable is the key for penetrating further
in semi Urban & Rural areas.

Keeping these realities in mind we have designed
our Health Insurance Policy with 3 Smart Plan Options.

The Policy also offers
the flexibility to chose from Individual or family floater options."

SBI General's Health Insurance Policy offers the following key benefits:

* Flexible Plan Options - Premium commensurate with the cost of treatment

* No medical test up to the age of 45 years with no medical history

* Assured renewal

* Coverage of Pre & Post Hospitalisation expenses - 30 days before and 60 days
after the hospitalisation

* Individual & Family floater options

* Wide Coverage - Rs.50,000 to Rs.500,000 Sum Insured

* Parent & Child care benefit

* Backed by Fair, Fast & Transparent claim process

* Cashless treatment across 3,000+ Hospitals in the Network

Talking further, Mr.Sarma said, "With cost of treatment increasing by 15-20% a
year, it is going to make a serious dent in middle class household budget.

SBI
General's Health Insurance Plans can provide the much needed cushion with lower
premium especially in non metros.

We see great potential for our Health
Insurance in semi Urban & Rural areas.

We are aggressively expanding our Agency
Channel in semi Urban & Rural areas so that we realise the full potential of our
Health Insurance product".

For more information on the SBI General's Health Insurance Policy, please visit
SBI General's website - www.sbigeneral.in.

23

LENGTH: 353 words


MANY consumers are now considering alternative healthcare plans as the cost of
health insurance continues to soar.

Here are some options.

Cash plans Medical cash or hospital cash plans have been on the market for
some time.

They are not a substitute for health insurance but do provide
excellent cover for everyday medical expenses such as GPs, prescriptions,
consultations, physiotherapy, alternative practitioners, radiology, pathology,
scans and other costs.

Some plans include a hospital cash benefit which gives
you a cash grant for every night you are in hospital irrespective of whether you
have health insurance or not.

HSF plans HSF is one of the leading providers in the market and has a range of
health cash plans to suit a range of requirements.

It now provides plans for both individuals and families which provide 100pc
cover for many of the benefits listed above.

Unlike health insurance, a
family-rate is all inclusive regardless of the number of children/students
included on the plan.

Insurers offering cash plans Competition has increased in this area with most
health insurers now offering a range of cash plan options as well VHI Healthcare
has a range of Health Family and Health Individual cash plans.

Laya Healthcare
offers a range of Money Smart plans for families and individuals as do GloHealth
with their 'Hospital Care' ' options.

Prices range from (EURO)123 to (EURO)1,056
per year depending on the plan or provider selected.

Dental Cover Dental cover is now available from both DeCare Dental and VHI
Healthcare for individual consumers.

These plans normally provide full cover for dental examinations; up to 70pc
cover for extractions/fillings; and allowances for treatments such as crowns and
some orthodontic cases.

Combinations The existence of these plans means that medical cover is not just
health insurance.

Many consumers are now combining health insurance with both
dental and medical cash cover to give high-grade overall cover for all costs.

For those exiting health insurance completely, they may wish to consider either
dental or medical cash cover for these expenses only.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              179 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          September 26, 2013, Thursday

OBAMACARE;
Carrier options limited in WV;
Health insurance exchange costs released by feds

BYLINE: Lori Kersey, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg.

P1A

LENGTH: 512 words


INSIDE:

Obamacare trade-off:

low premium, high deductible

2C

West Virginians will have fewer options for choosing health plans on the Health
Insurance Marketplace than people in most other parts of the country, according
to a report released Wednesday by the U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services.

Uninsured West Virginians can choose from 12 health insurance plans beginning
Oct. 1, according to the report.

On average, Americans will have 53 plans to
choose from in the 36 states where the federal government will run or support
the Health Insurance Marketplace.

Depending on the state, people will have as few as six and as many as 169 plans
to choose from in their marketplaces.

West Virginia's Health Insurance Marketplace has one company, Highmark Blue
Cross Blue Shield of West Virginia.

About 95 percent of Americans, however, will
have a choice of two or more health insurance companies, according to the
report.

"It's a real reflection of what our limited choices are already," Bryant said.

"I'm kind of disappointed we didn't attract more carriers."

He added that he is grateful that Highmark decided to join the marketplace.

People are not required to purchase their health insurance through the
marketplace but, with some exceptions, they must have health insurance coverage
- or face a tax penalty.

Plans in the Health Insurance Marketplace are divided into categories: platinum,
gold, silver and bronze.

Platinum plans have the highest premiums and lowest out-of-pocket costs.

Bronze
plans have the lowest premiums and the highest out-of-pocket costs.

Based on income levels, some residents will get tax credits for their insurance
costs.

In West Virginia, before tax credits, a 27-year-old person would pay an
estimated $185 a month for the lowest bronze plan, $218 a month for the lowest
silver plan, $266 a month for the lowest gold plan, and $169 a month for the
lowest catastrophic plan, according to the report.

The IRS will pay the tax credits in advance each month, so people will only pay
the after-tax credit amounts each month, Bryant said.

A 27-year-old making $25,000 a year would have paid $218 a month before tax
credits but will pay $145 a month after tax credits for the second-lowest silver
plan.

The same person would pay $112 a month for the lowest bronze plans after
tax credits, according to the report.

A family of four making $50,000 a year will pay $789 a month before tax credits
and $282 a month after tax credits for the second-lowest silver plan.

The same
family will pay $161 a month for the lowest-bronze plan after tax credits,
according to the report.

States with more competition in the marketplaces will have lower premiums,
according to the report.

Overall, premiums before tax credits are expected to be
more than 16 percent lower than projected, according to the report.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Charleston Newspapers

                              180 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                          November 16, 2005 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Health plan hike delayed;
Midyear change called unfair

BYLINE: Nick Kotsopoulos, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg.

A1

LENGTH: 619 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


City Manager Michael V. O'Brien is delaying for at least one week implementing
his plan to increase the health insurance premiums for municipal and public
school retirees, and requiring them to pay more for doctor office visits and
prescription drugs.

Several city councilors made it clear last night they would like to see Mr.
O'Brien postpone the plan until next spring, when the next open enrollment
period for health insurance will be held.

They said any increases can then be implemented when the next health insurance
contract goes into effect July 1, 2006.

They said it would be grossly unfair to
retirees to have their premiums increased and changes made to their benefit
plans while in the middle of the current contract.

"There needs to be some kind of dialogue with our retirees, similar to what
we've had with our other employees," said Councilor-at-Large Dennis L. Irish.

"That just hasn't happened in this instance.

"Something has to be done to control our health insurance costs, and the
retirees will have to share in that.

More than 70 retirees attended the council meeting to express their displeasure
with Mr. O'Brien's plan.

The manager said the changes he wants to implement are part of overall health
insurance reforms by his administration.

He said the reforms are needed to put
the brakes on the city's skyrocketing health insurance costs and align its
health plans with trends in both the public and private industry.

Because the city's health insurance costs have increased 98 percent, from $33.4
million to nearly $65.9 million, since 2001, Mr. O'Brien said there is no way
the city can maintain the status quo.

He said his planned changes for retirees
alone would save the city $2 million.

The retirees were informed of the plan in letters they received from the city
last weekend.

"Our failure to do this would really put us
in a difficult position.

We not only have to contain this type of cost, we have
to tame it."

While all city councilors agreed that health insurance reforms are needed,
several questioned the timing of the manager's proposal and the lack of process
and discussion that led up to it.

Mayor Timothy P. Murray said employees and retirees who signed up for their
current health plans during the last open enrollment period in the spring did so
with the understanding there would not be any changes made to their plans during
the middle of the year.

"Halfway through this year, and we are now telling these people that we're going
to make changes to their health plans," Mr. Murray said.

"That's patently
unfair.

They should be informed of these changes during an open enrollment
period, when they can weigh all the options they have."

District 5 Councilor Frederick C. Rushton said the city cannot shirk its
responsibility to bring about cost containment for health insurance.

But, he
said, the city manager made a "major mistake" by seeking to make changes to the
retirees' health plans in the middle of the year.

"While other employee groups have agreed to pay more for their health
insurance, our retirees will not be getting the pay raises those employees will
be getting."

Councilor-at-Large Konstantina B. Lukes said the city is headed for a fiscal
implosion if it does not deal with the health insurance issue.

But, she added,
the city should honor the year's commitment on retirees' current health
insurance plans.

7A

LENGTH: 1155 words



HIGHLIGHT: This is part four of our six-week series on issues of the
presidential election, through the work of PolitiFact.com, our fact-checking Web
site.

Between now and Election Day, we'll distill the candidates' positions and
examine key rulings on each topic.

N


Half that for 'every American'


The statement

"I want to give every American a $5,000 refundable tax credit."

The tax
credit is part of McCain's health proposal, which seeks to increase competition
for health care by reducing reliance on employer-provided health insurance.

Most
Americans who have health insurance get it through their employer.

McCain's idea
is that people should be able to go out on the open market and buy their own
health insurance, and not be pushed into an employer-provided insurance plan by
tax incentives.

So under McCain's plan, the tax exemption for employer-provided
health insurance would disappear, and people would get a tax credit to spend on
any health insurance they wish.

They might choose to use their employer's plan
and use the tax credit to offset the new tax on the benefit, or they might go
off and buy insurance on their own.

Another caveat about McCain's tax credit:
You can't get cash for it.

To ensure that it goes to health care, the credit is
payable directly to insurance companies.

Any remainder would go into a special
health spending account.

McCain would be accurate if he had said $5,000 per
family, but his statement in the debate takes things too far.

We rate his statement Half True.

Obama's plan expands existing system

The statement

Under Barack Obama's health care proposal, "if you've got a health care plan
that you like, you can keep it."

The ruling

Opponents have attacked Obama's plan as "government-run" health care, but he's
accurately describing the plan here.

He advocates a program that seeks to build
on the current system, rather than dismantling it and starting over.

Obama's
plan essentially takes today's system and seeks to expand it to the uninsured.

It creates national pools for individuals to buy their own cheaper insurance.

It
increases eligibility for the poor and children to enroll in initiatives like
Medicaid and the State Children's Health Insurance Program.

And it has several
strategies to reign in costs for everyone, such as streamlining medical
recordkeeping and emphasizing preventive care.

Obama has said he would like his
plan to be universal, in that everyone has health care coverage.

But currently
it includes a mandate only for children.

Obama has said that he did not include
a mandate for adults so as not to penalize people with modest incomes.

It
remains to be seen whether Obama's plan will actually be able to achieve the
cost savings it promises for the health care system.

But people who want to keep
their current insurance should be able to do that under Obama's plan.

His
description of his plan is accurate, and we rate his statement True.

Small businesses exempt from plan

The statement

Barack Obama's health care plan calls for "mandates and fines for small
businesses."

The ruling

Obama's plan expands health care coverage for those who don't have it by a
number of strategies, such as creating national pools for individuals to buy
insurance.

It increases eligibility for the poor and children to enroll in
initiatives like Medicaid and the State Children's Health Insurance Program.

And
it aims at reining in costs for everyone by streamlining medical recordkeeping
and emphasizing preventive care.

Obama's plan does not mandate coverage, except
for children.

Obama said often during the Democratic primary that he did not
include a mandate for adults so as not to penalize people with modest incomes.

If there's a mandate on anyone to purchase health care, it would be on parents,
not small businesses.

Obama's plan says that employers who don't offer their
employees insurance will be required to contribute to the national pool.

Obama's
plan exempts small businesses from contributing to the pool.

McCain calls this a
"fine," but being required to contribute to a pool is not the same as paying a
penalty for some wrongdoing.

So even by a generous definition, Obama does not
fine "small businesses."

We
rate McCain's claim False.

Health care ad is right - until the end

The statement

John McCain's health care plan "leaves you on your own to pay McCain's health
insurance tax."

Barack Obama, Oct. 3 in a TV ad

The ruling

McCain proposes repealing the long-standing tax exemption on employer-provided
insurance.

But in exchange, he proposes a tax credit of $2,500 per person to
spend on any health insurance they wish.

They might choose to use their
employer's plan and use the tax credit to offset the new tax on the benefit, or
they might go off and buy insurance on their own.

Ideally, this will increase
competition among health care plans.

The tax credit is payable to insurance
companies as a way of ensuring that people use it to buy health insurance.

Any
extra money would go to a special health care spending account.

There's ample
evidence that the plan would be a wash for most workers.

The McCain campaign
says only those with "gold-plated" coverage would do worse.

An analysis from the
nonpartisan Urban Institute confirms it: "In general, lower-income people with
health insurance would receive benefits from the credit that would be well in
excess of the value that they receive from today's tax exemption."

So McCain's
health plan does not leave you "on your own" to pay a health insurance tax.

His
plan gives you a credit to work with.

We rate Obama's statement Barely True.

Their past positions and their plans

JOHN MCCAIN

-Ends the longtime tax exemption on employer-provided health insurance and
replaces it with a $2,500 credit.

This move aims to create more competition
among health insurance providers and improve efficiency.

-Will ask the states to help create coverage plans to insure those with
pre-existing conditions.

Promotes electronic recordkeeping and greater access to
preventive care.

BARACK OBAMA

-Workers who like their health care plan keep their coverage.

Other can buy
affordable coverage through national pools.

-Increases eligibility for the poor and children to enroll in initiatives like
Medicaid and the State Children's Health Insurance Program.

Also promotes
electronic recordkeeping and preventive care.

ANALYSIS

Independent groups like the Commonwealth Fund found that McCain would cover an
additional 2-million of the uninsured, while Obama would cover an additional
34-million.

By 2018, McCain's plan would cost $1.3-billion; Obama's plan would
cost $1.6-billion.

"Obama's proposal for mixed private-public group insurance
... has greater potential to move the health care system toward high performance
than does McCain's proposal to encourage individual market coverage through the
use of tax incentives and deregulation," its report concludes.

7A

LENGTH: 1155 words



HIGHLIGHT: This is part four of our six-week series on issues of the
presidential election, through the work of PolitiFact.com, our fact-checking Web
site.

Between now and Election Day, we'll distill the candidates' positions and
examine key rulings on each topic.

Half that for 'every American'


The statement

"I want to give every American a $5,000 refundable tax credit."

The tax
credit is part of McCain's health proposal, which seeks to increase competition
for health care by reducing reliance on employer-provided health insurance.

Most
Americans who have health insurance get it through their employer.

McCain's idea
is that people should be able to go out on the open market and buy their own
health insurance, and not be pushed into an employer-provided insurance plan by
tax incentives.

So under McCain's plan, the tax exemption for employer-provided
health insurance would disappear, and people would get a tax credit to spend on
any health insurance they wish.

They might choose to use their employer's plan
and use the tax credit to offset the new tax on the benefit, or they might go
off and buy insurance on their own.

Another caveat about McCain's tax credit:
You can't get cash for it.

To ensure that it goes to health care, the credit is
payable directly to insurance companies.

Any remainder would go into a special
health spending account.

McCain would be accurate if he had said $5,000 per
family, but his statement in the debate takes things too far.

We rate his statement Half True.

Obama's plan expands existing system

The statement

Under Barack Obama's health care proposal, "if you've got a health care plan
that you like, you can keep it."

The ruling

Opponents have attacked Obama's plan as "government-run" health care, but he's
accurately describing the plan here.

He advocates a program that seeks to build
on the current system, rather than dismantling it and starting over.

Obama's
plan essentially takes today's system and seeks to expand it to the uninsured.

It creates national pools for individuals to buy their own cheaper insurance.

It
increases eligibility for the poor and children to enroll in initiatives like
Medicaid and the State Children's Health Insurance Program.

And it has several
strategies to reign in costs for everyone, such as streamlining medical
recordkeeping and emphasizing preventive care.

Obama has said he would like his
plan to be universal, in that everyone has health care coverage.

But currently
it includes a mandate only for children.

Obama has said that he did not include
a mandate for adults so as not to penalize people with modest incomes.

It
remains to be seen whether Obama's plan will actually be able to achieve the
cost savings it promises for the health care system.

But people who want to keep
their current insurance should be able to do that under Obama's plan.

His
description of his plan is accurate, and we rate his statement True.

Small businesses exempt from plan

The statement

Barack Obama's health care plan calls for "mandates and fines for small
businesses."

The ruling

Obama's plan expands health care coverage for those who don't have it by a
number of strategies, such as creating national pools for individuals to buy
insurance.

It increases eligibility for the poor and children to enroll in
initiatives like Medicaid and the State Children's Health Insurance Program.

And
it aims at reining in costs for everyone by streamlining medical recordkeeping
and emphasizing preventive care.

Obama's plan does not mandate coverage, except
for children.

Obama said often during the Democratic primary that he did not
include a mandate for adults so as not to penalize people with modest incomes.

If there's a mandate on anyone to purchase health care, it would be on parents,
not small businesses.

Obama's plan says that employers who don't offer their
employees insurance will be required to contribute to the national pool.

Obama's
plan exempts small businesses from contributing to the pool.

McCain calls this a
"fine," but being required to contribute to a pool is not the same as paying a
penalty for some wrongdoing.

So even by a generous definition, Obama does not
fine "small businesses."

We
rate McCain's claim False.

Health care ad is right - until the end

The statement

John McCain's health care plan "leaves you on your own to pay McCain's health
insurance tax."

Barack Obama, Oct. 3 in a TV ad

The ruling

McCain proposes repealing the long-standing tax exemption on employer-provided
insurance.

But in exchange, he proposes a tax credit of $2,500 per person to
spend on any health insurance they wish.

They might choose to use their
employer's plan and use the tax credit to offset the new tax on the benefit, or
they might go off and buy insurance on their own.

Ideally, this will increase
competition among health care plans.

The tax credit is payable to insurance
companies as a way of ensuring that people use it to buy health insurance.

Any
extra money would go to a special health care spending account.

There's ample
evidence that the plan would be a wash for most workers.

The McCain campaign
says only those with "gold-plated" coverage would do worse.

An analysis from the
nonpartisan Urban Institute confirms it: "In general, lower-income people with
health insurance would receive benefits from the credit that would be well in
excess of the value that they receive from today's tax exemption."

So McCain's
health plan does not leave you "on your own" to pay a health insurance tax.

His
plan gives you a credit to work with.

We rate Obama's statement Barely True.

Their past positions and their plans

JOHN MCCAIN

-Ends the longtime tax exemption on employer-provided health insurance and
replaces it with a $2,500 credit.

This move aims to create more competition
among health insurance providers and improve efficiency.

-Will ask the states to help create coverage plans to insure those with
pre-existing conditions.

Promotes electronic recordkeeping and greater access to
preventive care.

BARACK OBAMA

-Workers who like their health care plan keep their coverage.

Other can buy
affordable coverage through national pools.

-Increases eligibility for the poor and children to enroll in initiatives like
Medicaid and the State Children's Health Insurance Program.

Also promotes
electronic recordkeeping and preventive care.

ANALYSIS

Independent groups like the Commonwealth Fund found that McCain would cover an
additional 2-million of the uninsured, while Obama would cover an additional
34-million.

By 2018, McCain's plan would cost $1.3-billion; Obama's plan would
cost $1.6-billion.

"Obama's proposal for mixed private-public group insurance
... has greater potential to move the health care system toward high performance
than does McCain's proposal to encourage individual market coverage through the
use of tax incentives and deregulation," its report concludes.

For the report,
go to http://tinyurl.com/4j7uuv

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: October 17, 2008



CORRECTION: CORRECTION: In a PolitiFact story about the cost of the presidential
candidates' health care plans, an incorrect figure was listed.

The correct
figures: By 2018, John McCain's plan would cost $1.3-trillion; Barack Obama's
plan would cost $1.6-trillion.

7A

LENGTH: 1155 words



HIGHLIGHT: This is part four of our six-week series on issues of the
presidential election, through the work of PolitiFact.com, our fact-checking Web
site.

Between now and Election Day, we'll distill the candidates' positions and
examine key rulings on each topic.

Half that for 'every American'


The statement

"I want to give every American a $5,000 refundable tax credit."

The tax
credit is part of McCain's health proposal, which seeks to increase competition
for health care by reducing reliance on employer-provided health insurance.

Most
Americans who have health insurance get it through their employer.

McCain's idea
is that people should be able to go out on the open market and buy their own
health insurance, and not be pushed into an employer-provided insurance plan by
tax incentives.

So under McCain's plan, the tax exemption for employer-provided
health insurance would disappear, and people would get a tax credit to spend on
any health insurance they wish.

They might choose to use their employer's plan
and use the tax credit to offset the new tax on the benefit, or they might go
off and buy insurance on their own.

Another caveat about McCain's tax credit:
You can't get cash for it.

To ensure that it goes to health care, the credit is
payable directly to insurance companies.

Any remainder would go into a special
health spending account.

McCain would be accurate if he had said $5,000 per
family, but his statement in the debate takes things too far.

We rate his statement Half True.

Obama's plan expands existing system

The statement

Under Barack Obama's health care proposal, "if you've got a health care plan
that you like, you can keep it."

The ruling

Opponents have attacked Obama's plan as "government-run" health care, but he's
accurately describing the plan here.

He advocates a program that seeks to build
on the current system, rather than dismantling it and starting over.

Obama's
plan essentially takes today's system and seeks to expand it to the uninsured.

It creates national pools for individuals to buy their own cheaper insurance.

It
increases eligibility for the poor and children to enroll in initiatives like
Medicaid and the State Children's Health Insurance Program.

And it has several
strategies to reign in costs for everyone, such as streamlining medical
recordkeeping and emphasizing preventive care.

Obama has said he would like his
plan to be universal, in that everyone has health care coverage.

But currently
it includes a mandate only for children.

Obama has said that he did not include
a mandate for adults so as not to penalize people with modest incomes.

It
remains to be seen whether Obama's plan will actually be able to achieve the
cost savings it promises for the health care system.

But people who want to keep
their current insurance should be able to do that under Obama's plan.

His
description of his plan is accurate, and we rate his statement True.

Small businesses exempt from plan

The statement

Barack Obama's health care plan calls for "mandates and fines for small
businesses."

The ruling

Obama's plan expands health care coverage for those who don't have it by a
number of strategies, such as creating national pools for individuals to buy
insurance.

It increases eligibility for the poor and children to enroll in
initiatives like Medicaid and the State Children's Health Insurance Program.

And
it aims at reining in costs for everyone by streamlining medical recordkeeping
and emphasizing preventive care.

Obama's plan does not mandate coverage, except
for children.

Obama said often during the Democratic primary that he did not
include a mandate for adults so as not to penalize people with modest incomes.

If there's a mandate on anyone to purchase health care, it would be on parents,
not small businesses.

Obama's plan says that employers who don't offer their
employees insurance will be required to contribute to the national pool.

Obama's
plan exempts small businesses from contributing to the pool.

McCain calls this a
"fine," but being required to contribute to a pool is not the same as paying a
penalty for some wrongdoing.

So even by a generous definition, Obama does not
fine "small businesses."

We
rate McCain's claim False.

Health care ad is right - until the end

The statement

John McCain's health care plan "leaves you on your own to pay McCain's health
insurance tax."

Barack Obama, Oct. 3 in a TV ad

The ruling

McCain proposes repealing the long-standing tax exemption on employer-provided
insurance.

But in exchange, he proposes a tax credit of $2,500 per person to
spend on any health insurance they wish.

They might choose to use their
employer's plan and use the tax credit to offset the new tax on the benefit, or
they might go off and buy insurance on their own.

Ideally, this will increase
competition among health care plans.

The tax credit is payable to insurance
companies as a way of ensuring that people use it to buy health insurance.

Any
extra money would go to a special health care spending account.

There's ample
evidence that the plan would be a wash for most workers.

The McCain campaign
says only those with "gold-plated" coverage would do worse.

An analysis from the
nonpartisan Urban Institute confirms it: "In general, lower-income people with
health insurance would receive benefits from the credit that would be well in
excess of the value that they receive from today's tax exemption."

So McCain's
health plan does not leave you "on your own" to pay a health insurance tax.

His
plan gives you a credit to work with.

We rate Obama's statement Barely True.

Their past positions and their plans

JOHN MCCAIN

-Ends the longtime tax exemption on employer-provided health insurance and
replaces it with a $2,500 credit.

This move aims to create more competition
among health insurance providers and improve efficiency.

-Will ask the states to help create coverage plans to insure those with
pre-existing conditions.

Promotes electronic recordkeeping and greater access to
preventive care.

BARACK OBAMA

-Workers who like their health care plan keep their coverage.

Other can buy
affordable coverage through national pools.

-Increases eligibility for the poor and children to enroll in initiatives like
Medicaid and the State Children's Health Insurance Program.

Also promotes
electronic recordkeeping and preventive care.

ANALYSIS

Independent groups like the Commonwealth Fund found that McCain would cover an
additional 2-million of the uninsured, while Obama would cover an additional
34-million.

By 2018, McCain's plan would cost $1.3-billion; Obama's plan would
cost $1.6-billion.

"Obama's proposal for mixed private-public group insurance
... has greater potential to move the health care system toward high performance
than does McCain's proposal to encourage individual market coverage through the
use of tax incentives and deregulation," its report concludes.

For the report,
go to http://tinyurl.com/4j7uuv

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: October 17, 2008



CORRECTION: CORRECTION: In a PolitiFact story about the cost of the presidential
candidates' health care plans, an incorrect figure was listed.

The correct
figures: By 2018, John McCain's plan would cost $1.3-trillion; Barack Obama's
plan would cost $1.6-trillion.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (6)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2008 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                              184 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                              July 14, 2013 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

Healthy competition at last We saved (EURO)1,400 a year;
After years of relentless price hikes, insurance companies are finally easing
the pain for families with some cut-price deals, writes Mark Channing

BYLINE: Mark Channing

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg.

11

LENGTH: 1581 words


Aprice war is set to break out among health insurers following the launch of a
health-insurance product that covers treatment only in certain hospitals.

Aviva
Health Insurance has six new health-insurance products offering access to a
selected network of public and private hospitals.

The plans are said to be about 15% cheaper than the nearest reference points in
the market, because not all hospitals are covered.

Aviva said that it launched
the products after market research showed consumers wanted more choice about
what their health insurance covered.

Alison Burns, chief executive of Aviva Health Insurance, said: "These plans are
designed to focus on what matters most to our customers by giving them more
choice, so that they're not paying for benefits they don't want, or for access
to hospitals that aren't a priority for them."

The new cut-price policies could provide relief for consumers struggling to cope
with spiralling prices.

The cost of health insurance has doubled in real terms
since 2007, according to a report by Colm McCarthy, the economist, that was
published this year.

Affordability issues have forced nearly 200,000 people to give up health
insurance in the past five years.

The
rate of cancellations appears to be accelerating: more than 7,000 people a month
are dropping their cover, according to the most recent quarterly figures from
the Health Insurance Authority.

Industry experts said that the new plans from Aviva marked the start of a new
era in the health insurance market.

James Durkan of healthinsurancecomparisons.

ie, a broker, said: "It's been a very long time since you could buy private
hospital cover for two adults and two children for (EURO)1,830.

In all of the
time I have worked in health insurance, that has never happened."

Other health insurers look set to follow Aviva's move by launching their own
range of cut-price plans in the coming months.

On the day Aviva unveiled its
Focus plans, Laya Healthcare issued a statement saying that it would soon be
announcing details of schemes covering selected hospitals.

We outline what Aviva's new plans offer and give you expert advice on how to get
the best deal on cover.

NEW PLANS Aviva's six new plans are: Value Focus, Day2Day Focus, First Focus,
Future Focus, Family Focus and Hospital Focus.

They are of varying
affordability, ranging in price from (EURO)525 a year for the Value Focus plan
to (EURO)1,170 for the Hospital Focus plan.

For consumers where price is the main consideration, the Value Focus plan will
be of interest, according to healthinsurancecomparisons.

This plan provides basic hospital cover in private hospitals and certain
public hospitals and costs (EURO)525 a year.

You still maintain full coverage
for MRI and CT scans on this plan in approved centres.

One of the new products, the First Focus plan, is aimed at men.

It offers only
the minimum level of maternity cover while providing access to the Sports
Surgery Clinic in Santry.

"Up to now there was never a choice for you to not to have maternity benefits on
your policy," said Durkan.

The First Focus plan, which costs (EURO)765 a year, provides access to a mix of
both public and private hospitals.

It has an excess of (EURO)150 per episode of
care which is payable only in private hospitals.

Healthinsurancecomparisons.

ie recommends the Hospital Focus plan for older people, and advises them to
prioritise for the unexpected and maintain access to comprehensive cardiac
cover.

With all the new plans, if you suffer an accident and need to be taken to a
hospital not within your network of covered hospitals, you still get the same
level of cover.

This is also the case if you are admitted to a hospital that you
are not covered for through A&E.

HOW TO CHOOSE Dermot Goode of healthinsurancesavings.

ie, an adviser, said that, while the new plans will help some people to remain
in the private hospital system, consumers should carefully study what's on
offer.

"These new offerings should be met with caution as they will mean a significant
reduction in benefits on certain plans, primarily a 40% reduction in the number
of public and private hospitals that will be covered," said Goode.

"It is imperative that before people dash out to accept the lowest premium that
they carefully look at the particular plan on offer and make an informed
decision as to whether or not that this is the best plan for them," he said.

When choosing health insurance, experts say you should ask yourself a number of
key questions.

"You need to sit down and ask yourself if private hospital cover is important to
you, if maternity benefits are important to you, and if you really need cover
for GP and physio visits," said Durkan.

He said that a lot of people go on plans with GP and physio cover, which makes
sense only if you are a frequent visitor to these practitioners.

"Most of the time you get only (EURO)30 back per visit, so you would have to go
four or five times a year to get your money back."

Jenny Behan of buyhealthinsurance.

ie, a website operated by brokers Tailored Finance, said: "It is worthwhile
running comparisons on the Health Insurance Authority or calling a health
insurance intermediary who can do this work for you."

Behan said you should make sure you include the full range of an insurer's
products when choosing.

Under health insurance regulations, an insurer must sell
you the policy you request irrespective of to whom the plan is marketed.

"Always ask about corporate plans as they are often not advertised to the normal
consumer," said Behan.

EXCESS Taking a small excess on your policy can reduce the costs of your health
insurance by up to 20%, say experts.

Excesses are payable only for admissions to
private hospitals.

"Some people think the excess applies for every night you are in hospital;
however, it only applies per admission," said Goode.

"Your excess might be
(EURO)125 on a total hospital bill of (EURO)10,000."

More than a third of health insurance customers are willing to accept an excess
to reduce their premium, according to healthinsurancecomparisons.

"When taking an excess on your policy, be careful of nightly excesses, which
can be up to (EURO)250 per night," said Behan.

SPLIT COVER A lot of parents make the mistake of adding their children to the
same policy that they are on instead of looking at their child's individual
requirements and selecting plans based on these needs.

The advice of experts is to put children on a different level of cover, a
practice known as split cover.

"We are telling everybody now to split their
cover," said Goode.

"This involves taking out different levels of cover for each
member of the family, appropriate to their particular needs.

You can have
everyone on the one policy, but on different plans within that policy."

RENEWING August and September are massive months for renewals, say health
insurance experts, meaning that thousands of consumers will be receiving renewal
letters over the next few weeks.

Health insurers send out renewal letters four weeks ahead of your renewal date.

Because of the cooling-off period, you actually have a sixweek window to decide
which policy you want to buy.

"You have 14 days after your renewal date, known as the cooling-off period,
within which you can cancel your cover, or switch to another provider," said
Goode.

"Your insurance company must honour your request, even if you have made a
payment to them."

Cancelling during the term of your policy will likely result in an early
termination fee from your existing provider.

Julie and Paul Mulvihill, and their two boys, Adam, 10, and Gavin, 9, made
savings of (EURO)1,400 on their annual health insurance bill by switching to
Aviva's new Focus range of hospital plans.

The family, who live in Knocklyon, Co Dublin, were previously on a plan that
covered them for admissions into all public and private hospitals.

Their old
plans also covered the whole family for routine medical expenses and maternity
benefits.

In total, they were paying (EURO)3,234 a year for their health
insurance.

With the help of healthinsurancecomparisons.

ie, the Mulvihills switched to Aviva's new health plans.

Julie wasn't concerned
at losing access to certain hospitals under the new plans.

"We're Dublin-based,
so it's not really an issue that we don't have access to every hospital.

Julie and Paul decided to cover themselves under the First Focus plan while
insuring their children under the Family Focus plan.

Their plan doesn't cover day-to-day medical expenses such as GP visits, while
the plan that their children are on provides hospital cover as well as cover for
GP visits.

Julie and Paul's policies cost (EURO)765 each while their children's policies
cost (EURO)150 each.

Children over the age of five get cover under the Family
Focus plan for a discounted price of (EURO)150 a child until August 26.

The
normal price is (EURO)300.

Julie was unaware that she could save money by selecting plans based on the
different requirements of each family member - previously everyone was on the
same plan.

"I didn't know you could split cover this way," she said.

Julie said it was a nice change to finally get good news about the family's
health insurance bill.

"All we ever hear about is price hikes, so to be able to save so much money is
absolutely fantastic," she said.

Mark Channing

'' THE PLANS MARK THE BEGINNING OF A NEW ERA IN THE MARKET

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Mulvihill family, Julie and Paul and sons Adam, 10, and Gavin, 9,
made savings by switching policies
FERGAL PHILLIPS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2013 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              185 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             National Underwriter,
                    Life & Health/Financial Services Edition

                                  May 9, 2005

Over 1 Million Now Covered By HSAs

BYLINE: BY MATT BRADY

SECTION: HEALTH; Pg.

7

LENGTH: 363 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The number of consumers purchasing Health Savings Accounts has more than doubled
in the last six months to over one million and the number of companies offering
them has more than tripled, according to a survey by America's Health Insurance
Plans.

"HSAs are steadily gaining momentum in the marketplace," says AHIP President and
CEO Karen Ignagni.

"HSA-eligible policies now fill an important niche for
employers and individual purchasers, and America's health insurance plans
continue to make them a valuable part of the suite of products they offer."

Over one million people now are covered by the new insurance policies for health
savings accounts, more than twice the 438,000 who had them in September 2004,
with much of the growth due to employers offering HSAs to their employees.

The study was based on responses to a survey from 99 AHIP members, who
collectively represent nearly all of the health insurance plans offering
HSA-eligible plans.

Lower premium HSA plans are an important option, particularly for people who
might have trouble paying for other types of coverage, Ignagni says, adding that
the survey response showed 37% of individual policies were purchased by those
who had been previously uninsured.

Of the policies sold in the small group
market, 27% were sold to employers who did not offer coverage prior to the HSA
plan purchase.

HSAs were created by Congress in late 2003 as part of the Medicare drug bill,
with subsequent guidance on the specifics of how the plans should work issued by
the Internal Revenue Service.

"Most of these plans rely on networks of doctors and hospitals to give consumers
access to the same kinds of negotiated discounts available to participants in
other health insurance plans, stretching the consumers' health care dollar and
increasing the value of the HSA-eligible plan," Ignagni says.

HSAs already have outperformed their predecessors, Ignagni notes.

Only 40,000 of
the prior incarnation, known as Medical Savings Accounts, were established in
their first year of availability, and HSAs already have achieved in a year
market penetration MSAs did not reach in a decade.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2005 The National Underwriter Company

                              186 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           The Daily Yomiuri (Tokyo)

                           November 16, 1999, Tuesday

Health plan to cover treatment abroad

BYLINE: Yomiuri

SECTION: Pg.

1

LENGTH: 278 words


The government on Monday decided to revise the national health insurance law to
provide coverage for overseas medical treatment under the public insurance plan.

The Health and Welfare Ministry plans to submit a bill to revise the law during
the next ordinary Diet session after it is scrutinized by the ministry's council
of medical insurance and welfare as early as next month.

National health insurance, which is mainly taken out by farmers and the
self-employed, is the nation's only medical insurance plan that does not cover
overseas medical treatment.

Prompted by complaints from policyholders, the Management and Coordination
Agency will soon ask the Health and Welfare Ministry to discuss the plan and
draft a bill.

In response to an increase in globalization in the business sector and the
number of Japanese business people traveling overseas for longer periods of
time, health insurance societies that serve employees of large corporations and
health insurance plans for workers of small and medium-sized companies have
covered overseas medical treatment, including during personal trips, since 1981.

Health insurance for people aged 70 and older has covered overseas medical costs
since its establishment in 1982.

For example, payments for overseas medical treatment for employees of small and
medium-sized companies insured under health insurance plans totaled about 200
million yen in fiscal 1997.

Due to constraints on the national coffers, however, coverage of overseas
medical costs under the national health insurance plan was postponed, as
self-employed workers and farmers were not perceived as frequent business
travelers.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Yomiuri Shimbun

                              187 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                           October 17, 2013 Thursday

Town hall offers dose of advice on health plans

BYLINE: By KRIS FORTIN, ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER

SECTION: SANTAANA; Pg.

Cover

LENGTH: 465 words


Health insurance experts addressed more than 100 people about Covered
California, the state-run health insurance exchange program of the Affordable
Care Act, during an Oct. 4 town hall meeting at the Southwest Senior Center.

More than 5.3 million uninsured people in California qualify for coverage
through Covered California, and more than 2.6 million people qualify for plans
that are federally subsidized.

Health coverage begins Jan. 1.

Here are highlights from the meeting:

Covered California

 Covered California is a health insurance exchange with negotiated rates, not a
health plan, said John Lewis, East Los Angeles Community Union's Covered
California outreach and education project coordinator for Orange County.

"Whether it's Blue Shield, Health Net, Kaiser (Permanente), all these different
health plans that you may have seen before or you bought insurance from before,
those are still the individuals that are going to provide health insurance."

Health insurance plans will include, at minimum, the following benefits:
ambulance patient services, emergency services, hospitalization, maternity and
newborn care, mental health and substance abuse disorders, prescription drugs,
rehabilitative and habilitative services and devices, lab services, preventive
and wellness services and chronic disease management, and pediatric services,
Lewis said.

Annual exams including wellness checkups for women, men, children
and the shots that they need also are covered.

Insurance providers cannot refuse services or deny people from joining a health
insurance plan because of pre-existing health conditions, Lewis said.

Also,
people can stay with their current health plan if they wish to do so.

Legal residents, including those on student visas, are eligible.

Incarcerated
and undocumented residents are not, Lewis said.

Small Businesses

 Businesses can receive a 50 percent tax credit by going through Covered
California and fulfill the following criteria: a 70 percent employee
participation rate, an average employee salary of $50,000 or less, employ fewer
than 25 people and pay 50 percent of the employee-only cost of the health
insurance, said Richard Hines, sales director for California Exchange, Covered
California and Small Business Health Options Program.

Medi-Cal

 Medi-Cal income eligibility is increased to a minimum of $15,000 for
individuals and $32,000 for a family of four, said Arif Shaikh, legislative
affairs manager for CalOptima.

Also, recipients no longer have to fall into
categories in order to receive Medi-Cal.

Past recipients needed to fit into
categories, including being pregnant or having a disability.

For more information, visit coveredca.com.

714-796-7997 or kfortin@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved

                              188 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Deadline for Health Insurance Changes Ends Friday, December 16

LENGTH: 182  words

DATELINE: New York



 New York: State University of New York Polytechnic Institute has issued the
following news release:



  Below you will find some important information regarding the various health
insurance programs that are available to eligible employees.

2017 Option Transfer Period



 The Option Transfer Period is the time of year when all employees eligible for
health insurance may make changes to their New York State Health Insurance
Program (NYSHIP) plan option for the 2017 plan year.

This includes changes
from:



      A NYSHIP HMO to The Empire Plan

     The Empire Plan to a NYSHIP HMO

     One NYSHIP HMO to another NYSHIP HMO

     A NYSHIP health plan to the Opt-Out Program

     The Opt-Out Program to a NYSHIP health plan



 The deadline for changing health insurance options is December 16, 2016.

To
change your health insurance option for 2017, you must complete a NYS Health
Insurance Transaction Form (attached).

This form is also available in the Human
Resources Office.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              189 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Tribune, Elkin, N.C.

Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 1, 2011 Wednesday

Elkin to improve employees' insurance, base salary and merit compensation

BYLINE: Brett Willis, The Tribune, Elkin, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 844 words


June 01--If Elkin's 2011-12 budget is approved next month, all town employees
will receive a higher base salary, merit compensation and an improved health
insurance plan.

Set aside in the upcoming fiscal year's proposed budget are funds to secure a
one percent increase in both base salary and merit compensation for the town's
53 employees.

The one percent "across the board" payroll increase adds $23,568.28 to next
year's budget and was agreed to unanimously by commissioners during a workshop
held last week.

Commissioners also approved a raise in merit compensation for town employees.

Elkin's policy of merit compensation was first adopted during last year's town
budget discussions.

Merit comp is performance-based and is given to each town
employee on an individual basis by the employee's department supervisor.

The
one-time check, which is not included in the employee's salary, cannot exceed
1.5 percent of the individual's annual pay.

The average raise amounts to one percent of the employee's yearly wages, said
Elkin Town Manager Lloyd Payne.

Town employees would also have the option of signing up for a health insurance
plan that offers more comprehensive coverage than does the current plan, which
offers employees and their families only basic health coverage.

"We would like to get our employees off of the bottom tier of insurance
coverage.

Our employees' plans are way below those of our peer cities," said
Payne.

In the 2010-11 fiscal year, all 53 Town of Elkin employees purchased health
insurance through their jobs.

Both the town's current and prospective plans are
through the Municipal Insurance Trust of North Carolina, which is sponsored by
the NC League of Municipalities.

Elkin Assistant Town Manager/Financial Director John Holcomb added, "We are on
the lowest plan offered by the League of Municipalities currently."

While the proposed plan would lower deductibles and copays for primary and
specialist visits from $30 and $40 to $20 and $30, respectively, it would
particularly benefit town employees who cover their children on their health
insurance.

The rate for employees and children would drop from $543 in the
town's current health insurance plan to $378 under the new plan.

With a four percent increase to the town's current health insurance plan
anticipated in the coming year, commissioners believed it a good time for an
upgrade.

"The timing is right to make good on our health insurance," said Commissioner
Joe Walker.

Lowe also supported the upgraded health
insurance plan.

Although not directly challenging a transition to the new plan, Commissioner
Cicely McCulloch added to the discussion, "I have a basic plan myself, and the
lower the copay, the more often you go to the doctor."

Still, commissioners ultimately agreed to budget an additional $17,322 for the
proposed plan, bringing Elkin's total health insurance bill to $30,096 -- a 9.5
percent increase from last year.

Improvements to base salaries, merit compensation rates and health insurance
policies are all initiatives to retain town employees, according to Payne.

To justify spending increases on salary and insurance, Payne pointed to a report
on the Elkin Police Department conducted within the past five years, which found
that officers were beginning their law enforcement careers in Elkin to receive
training before moving to comparably-sized or larger markets soon after their
training was complete.

Even in other municipalities of a similar size to Elkin
they could receive significantly more pay and better benefits.

"The emphasis of the previous report on our police department found that's why
it's a training ground," said Payne explaining that relatively low compensation
was the primary reason officers cited for leaving Elkin.

In response to Payne, Commissioner Walker asked that town administration go back
into employment records to tally how many Town of Elkin employees left last year
and to find out their reasons for doing so.

"We need to take a look at all those people who left and see what we can do
about it.

I want to know how many people we lost and why, and I'll ask that
question every year I sit here," said Walker in his request for a record of
departmental turnover.

Payne agreed to retrieve the data to present to the board at a later meeting.

In the meantime, with better pay and benefits proposed in the next year's
budget, town officials are looking to make Elkin a more attractive place to live
-- and work -- for what is hopefully a long period of time.

To see more of The Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.elkintribune.com/.

For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110601-VN-Elkin-to-improve-employees-insurance-base-salary-and-merit-compensat
ion-0601-20110601

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VN


                                 Copyright 2011

                              190 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                    December 10, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

NC Get Covered Reminds North Carolinians to Enroll by Dec. 15 for Jan. 2015
Health Coverage

LENGTH: 627  words


Dec. 10 -- US-based NC Get Covered issued the following news release:

Affordable health insurance is helping thousands of North Carolinians receive
quality health care.

NC Get Covered, a non-partisan initiative powered by The
Big Tent Coalition, reminds residents without health insurance not to be left
behind.

North Carolinians must enroll in a health insurance plan by Dec. 15 in
order to receive coverage by Jan. 1.

With only two months left to enroll, North Carolinians have compelling reasons
for purchasing health insurance:

* Health care can be expensive; up to $3,000 for a broken arm.

* Health insurance gives a person access to preventive care, diagnostic tests,
and more.

* Financial help is available to make premiums fit your budget.

"The Affordable Care Act (ACA) insurance has already saved lives in North
Carolina," said Sorien Schmidt, Get Covered America's North Carolina state
director.

"We have talked to consumers who have been diagnosed and undergone
life-saving surgeries using their coverage.

The marketplace plans are
affordable, and meet consumers' needs and budgets.

We encourage uninsured North
Carolinians to check out their options."

For most, there are fines for not purchasing a health insurance plan.

Each adult
without health insurance will have to pay $325 or two percent of their annual
household income, whichever is greater, the following year for not purchasing
health insurance.

To avoid these fines, North Carolinians should keep in mind
the following enrollment deadlines:

* Dec. 15, 2014 - Last date to enroll for health insurance coverage starting on
Jan. 1, 2015.

* Jan. 15, 2015 - Last date to enroll for health insurance coverage starting on
Feb. 1, 2015.

* Feb. 15, 2015 - Last date to enroll for health insurance coverage for 2015.

Through NC Get Covered, North Carolinians have access to in-person assisters and
resources to help them navigate the open enrollment process.

NC Get Covered
offers statewide enrollment assistance, including outreach events and
educational ACA resources for financial help, health insurance basics, and ACA
deadlines and fines.

"It's crucial that North Carolinians are aware that there are deadlines and
fines associated with not enrolling in a health insurance plan," said Lee Dixon,
project coordinator for NC Get Covered.

"While North Carolina was one of the few
states to reach its enrollment goal last year, there is still work to be done to
ensure that everyone finds the best health insurance plan for their needs and
budget.

NC Get Covered is available for all North Carolinians to help ease the
burden of finding the right health insurance plan."

Free, in-person enrollment help is available for consumers who want to talk to
an expert about their options, right in their community.

Here are some upcoming
enrollment events taking place across the state:

* Greensboro - Saturday, December 13 at the Warnersville Recreational Center,
601 Doak Street (10 a.m. - 4 p.m.)

* Charlotte - Saturday, December 13 at the Children & Family Services Center,
601 East 5th Street (10 a.m. - 4 p.m.)

* Durham - Saturday, December 13 at the Centro de Alabanza Naciones Unidas, 2100
Chapel Hill Road (9 a.m.-3 p.m.)

* Raleigh - Monday, December 15 at the Pullen Park Community Center, 408 Ashe
Avenue (1:30pm- 7:30pm)

Walk-in appointments are available at the sites.

Consumers can also schedule
free appointments any day in their county by calling 1-855-733-3711 or visiting
(www.getcoveredamerica.org/connector/) and entering their ZIP code to locate an
in-person assister nearby.

For more information about enrollment assistance and ACA-related information
such as financial help, and ACA deadlines and fines, go to
(www.NCGetCovered.org).

Source: NC Get Covered

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                              191 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    April 15, 1996, Monday, JOURNAL EDITION

Medicare to offer 4 new health plans

BYLINE: Laura Williamson; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Pg.

01A

LENGTH: 321 words


By the end of the year, metro Atlanta and north Georgia Medicare patients will
have four new health plans to choose from.

The Health Care Financing Administration (HCFA) in Washington, which runs the
federal health insurance program for the elderly, announced today it had
selected 25 managed care plans from eight cities and five rural areas nationwide
to take part in a pilot program dubbed Medicare Choices.

Hundreds of thousands of senior citizens in metro Atlanta and north Georgia
could begin enrolling in one of the four Georgia plans chosen as early as this
summer, HCFA officials said.

All plans are expected to be open to patients by
December.

HCFA officials said the program will test ways to save taxpayers money by
enrolling senior citizens in a range of managed care plans, some similar to
those offered by private employers.

Medicaid, the state- federal health
insurance program for the poor, began requiring metro Atlanta patients to switch
to managed care this year.

Georgia's Medicare options will include plans run by hospitals and doctors, a
new way of providing health insurance also emerging in the private sector.

"This is our chance to prove that we don't have to be micromanaged by insurance
companies to provide health care," said Don Hutton, chairman and CEO of the
Morgan Health Group, a network of 300 primary care physicians in the Atlanta
area and one of the four Georgia plans chosen by HCFA.

The others are plans run by St. Joseph's Health System, Georgia Baptist Health
Care System and Value Health Inc.

Senior citiizens who don't want to enroll in one of the new plans won't have to.

But some plans will try to entice them by covering services not included in
Medicare, such as annual dental exams and prescription drugs, allowing them to
drop costly Medigap policies.

Seniors will continue to pay their $ 46 monthly
Medicare premiums no matter which plan they choose.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution

                              192 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  April 10, 1991, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

COVERAGE FOR GROWN 'DEPENDENTS'

BYLINE: Bethe Growe and Nancy Dilley

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE; Pg.

5E

LENGTH: 659 words


Q: My daughter will soon be graduating from college.

When she does, she will no
longer be considered my ''dependent'' under my company's group health insurance
plan, so she will not have any health insurance coverage.

I work for a large
corporation that has its insurance through an insurance company.

I am worried
about keeping my daughter insured until she finds a job.

A: Your daughter
should be able to continue her health insurance coverage through your employer's
health insurance plan for up to 36 months.

In many instances, if an employee or
an employee's dependent loses health care coverage under an employer's group
health plan, that person must be given the right to continue the coverage, at
his or her own expense.

For most employers with more than 20 full-time
employees, this is required by the Consolidated Omnibus Reconciliation Act,
known as ''COBRA.''

Under the law, your daughter would be eligible to continue
her health insurance coverage even though she is no longer considered your
''dependent'' under your employer's health insurance plan.

To do this, one of
you must notify the plan administrator of the plan shortly before your daughter
''technically'' is no longer your dependent.

The administrator is then obligated
to notify you or your daughter of your daughter's right to continue the health
insurance coverage and how to go about doing so.

Your daughter will then have
at least 60 days to elect the continuation coverage.

If she does so, your
employer may pay some or all of the cost of the premium to the insurance company
to continue the insurance, although this is unusual.

In any event, your employer
cannot charge your daughter more than 102 percent of the premium it pays to the
insurance company for covering a person similar to your daughter.

The group
health plan is required by law to provide the continuation coverage for at least
36 months from the time your daughter is no longer considered to be your
dependent under the plan.

This maximum period can be shortened if your daughter
does not pay any required premium payment on time (if she is obligated to do so)
or if she becomes covered under another employer's group health plan, as an
employee or otherwise.

Q: Can I have a living trust made for my sister?

She has
quite a few assets, but she is ill and sometimes not aware of what she is doing.

A: The answer depends on your sister's mental alertness.

As we have mentioned in
prior columns, a living trust is a good way to manage property in case of
disability during lifetime and to avoid the problems of probate at death.

A
person creates a living trust by signing an agreement and transferring all of
his or her assets to the trustee of the trust.

Of course, the trustee can be the
same person as the creator of the trust.

In order to sign the trust agreement,
the creator of the trust must be alert enough to understand what he or she is
signing.

Even though you might arrange with an attorney to have a living trust
prepared for your sister, she would still have to sign the trust agreement.

And
to sign the agreement, your sister would have to understand what she is signing.

If your sister is not well enough to understand the trust agreement, then she
could not sign it.

There is one way around this problem.

Perhaps your sister
signed a durable power of attorney sometime when she was not so ill.

If she did
and if the power specifically gave permission to you (or someone else) to create
a living trust for your sister, then you (or the named person) could create a
living trust for your sister.

Bethe Growe and Nancy Dilley are St. Louis
attorneys specializing in retirement planning and benefits, estate planning and
probate.

Send your questions or comments to them in care of the St. Louis
Post-Dispatch, 900 North Tucker Boulevard, St. Louis, Mo.

Because of the
volume of questions received, not all can be printed, and personal replies are
not possible.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1991 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              193 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            February 16, 2007 Friday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Blunt offers health insurance plan

BYLINE: By Virginia Young POST-DISPATCH JEFFERSON CITY BUREAU CHIEF

SECTION: METRO; Pg.

C1

LENGTH: 674 words

DATELINE: JEFFERSON CITY


His proposal

STATE POOL o Small businesses would set aside money for a health insurance
program that would be administered by a state clearinghouse.

WORKER SUBSIDIES o Low-wage employees would get subsidies, with some of the
money coming from state funds and some from Medicaid.

Matt Blunt unveiled a plan Thursday that he said would help low-income,
working adults buy health insurance.

The plan's centerpiece is a state clearinghouse that would let small businesses
pool their risks.

The companies would have to set aside money for each employee
to spend on health insurance offered by the clearinghouse.

Workers would pick a plan and pay their share of the cost with tax-free dollars.

Low-wage employees would get subsidies, with $20 million coming from state funds
and $32 million from federal Medicaid funds.

Blunt said the plan would "significantly expand the number of people who have
access to health insurance."

Blunt would not estimate how many would get
coverage.

About 700,000 Missourians lack health insurance now.

Experts called the governor's plan a good first step.

"Efforts to pool are good," said Sidney Watson, professor of law at the Center
for Health Law Studies at St. Louis University.

"The more people we can pool and
sell insurance to, the better rate we get."

But Watson and some Democrats said the plan would do nothing for people below
the poverty level who lost Medicaid coverage two years ago.

Some were elderly or
disabled and won't qualify for employer-based plans.

"It will help a small portion of people who are uninsured in Missouri," said
Rep. Sam Page, D-Creve Coeur.

"We still have 177,000 people who lost their
health insurance."

The 177,000 reflects the net reduction in the Medicaid rolls since March 2005.

It includes those dropped because the Legislature tightened eligibility, as well
as those who were declared ineligible when Blunt began verifying recipients'
incomes.

House Small Business Committee Chairman Doug Ervin, R-Kearney, has introduced
the governor's plan.

Ervin's bill has 58 co-sponsors, including several
Democrats.

Ervin said one goal of the bill is to make consumers more conscious of the cost
of their health care choices.

But he said they rarely evaluate
health care services based on cost.

"We are fundamentally changing the way we think about health insurance," Ervin
said.

"The whole idea is to promote ownership.

Nobody spends any money as
carefully as they spend their own."

Ervin said he hopes the plan would reduce the number of uninsured by at least 20
percent.

Last year, a state working group found that about 300,000 Missourians work at
small businesses that do not offer health insurance.

The plan unveiled Thursday follows Blunt's goal of subsidizing the purchase of
private insurance instead of expanding public programs.

In that vein, he also wants to cut the franchise tax for businesses that offer
health insurance and change the law so that people can take their insurance with
them when they change jobs.

His pooling plan would establish a quasi-governmental entity called the Missouri
Health Insurance Exchange.

To oversee the agency, the bill would set up a
nine-member board consisting of state officials, legislators and private-sector
members appointed by the governor.

While the bill does not limit the size of businesses that could participate,
officials said the goal would be to cover businesses employing 50 or fewer
workers.

The premium subsidies would go to those earning less than twice the federal
poverty level - for example, a single worker earning less than $20,420.

Brad Jones, who lobbies for the National Federation of Independent Business,
said the governor's plan would let employees choose an insurance plan that fits
their needs.

"Our poor members have been getting reamed on health insurance costs for 20
years and I'm excited that we're finally seriously having a discussion about
it," he said.

---

STLtoday.com/links Read the health insurance bill.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              194 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           December 24, 2016 Saturday

Insurance Queries answered by Antony Jacob from Apollo Munich Health Insurance

SECTION: INSURE

LENGTH: 431 words


I am a 32-year-old professional and have a health insurance provided by my
company.

I wish to top up my health insurance plan on my own.

What is the
procedure?

Once I approach the insurance provider, is there any medical
examination?

Who bears the cost of medical examination?

Is the premium decided
on the basis of medical test, apart from regular calculation?

Top-up health insurance plans provide an extra health care financing shield for
you in the most economical way, especially, when you have an employer-provided
base health insurance cover.

You can easily top up your current health insurance
policy, by either contacting an agent or reviewing various top-up options on the
Internet.You should ideally look for a top-up policy that gives you an option to
convert to a full-fledged health insurance plan close to your retirement.

To buy a top-up plan, all you need to do is to fill up an online application
form.

Most insurance companies do not ask for a medical examination while
purchasing a top-up plan of up to Rs.

5 lakh, unless there is a medical
adversity listed in the application form.

In cases where there is a medical
check-up required, the insurance company bears the cost for the same, once the
application is accepted.

A loading on premium or an exclusion may be levied
because of adverse results of a medical check-up.

I have a corporate health insurance policy
for Rs.

I bought a top up to extend the coverage to Rs.

Can I
claim tax rebate on it?

What are the tax incentives for buying a health
insurance policy?

First off, let me congratulate you for buying a top-up plan at a young age to
mitigate rising healthcare costs.

Top-up plans are often underrated plans and
their importance is clear when you leave a job and the new employer does not
offer a similar policy or offers a reduced cover.

You can certainly claim a tax rebate for your top-up plan as per The Income Tax
Act, Section 80D.

In order to avail maximum rebate under the Income Tax Act i.e.

25,000 for an individual, you could consider buying a critical illness
policy.

It will ensure that you are adequately covered for all kinds of
lifestyle diseases, which is a major concern for most people working in MNCs,
given the fast-paced lifestyles they lead.

Having said that, a health insurance
policy should be viewed as a financial planning tool to mitigate rising
healthcare costs and not just as a tax saving tool.

(Please send your queries on Insurance to et.insurance@timesgroup.com)

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              195 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Cape Cod Times (Hyannis, Massachesetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 5, 2008 Saturday

Not having health insurance will cost even more

BYLINE: Cynthia McCormick, Cape Cod Times, Hyannis, Mass.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1155 words


Jan. 5--If you didn't have health insurance under the new state mandate by Jan.
1, it's going to cost you $219.

But if you go another year without health insurance, the penalty could be as
much as $912.

State officials say they will get the money -- this year by denying individuals
the personal tax exemption, or, next year, by deducting the penalty from tax
refunds or sending out bills.

A new statewide database will track who has health
insurance and who doesn't, they say.

The Massachusetts health insurance law passed under former Gov.

Mitt Romney
requries every state resident to have health insurance.

It provides low-cost, subsidized health insurance for poorer residents, but
higher income individuals must purchase private-pay plans.

About 300,000 people have signed up for health care plans since enrollment
started last year, including about 160,000 in the new state-subsidized plan
called Commonwealth Care.

It covers those who earn too much for the state's
Medicaid health plan, known as MassHealth, but too little to afford private
plans.

About 63,000 individuals have signed up for private-pay plans since the law went
into effect, state officials said.

They are not sure how many residents are still without health insurance.

At the start of enrollment, estimates of the state's uninsured ranged from
300,000 to 600,000, said.

A recent Barnstable County report, Monitoring the
Human Condition Study 2007, estimates that about 18 percent of Cape residents
lack health insurance.

The tax penalties for not having health insurance -- the first of their kind in
the nation -- are aimed at nudging people who can afford it toward being fully
covered, he said.

People who didn't have health insurance by Jan. 1 will lose their personal tax
exemption of $219 for the tax year 2007.

"The penalty for 2007 was relatively modest," said Richard Powers, spokesman for
the Massachusetts Health Connector, the state entity that handles enrollment in
state subsidized health-care plans.

"It's significantly more in 2008.

We hope it
will act as a catalyst for those who have thus far resisted purchasing health
insurance."

The state Department of Revenue has issued draft guidelines that would penalize
individuals up to $912 for not having health insurance by the end of 2008.

"If it's a married couple and neither had health insurance, it would be two
times that," said Robert R. Bliss, spokesman for the DOR.

Although the tax penalty for 2008 won't be assessed until tax returns are due in
2009, the penalties already are accumulating on a monthly basis against people's
future tax returns, Bliss said.

Penalties will be deducted from tax refunds.

If there is no refund or the
penalty is higher than the refund, the state will bill individuals in the same
way it would for taxes, Bliss said.The tax penalties for not having health
insurance by the end of 2009 probably will be even higher, Powers said.

The penalties are based on one-half the lowest cost plan available through the
Connector.

In 2009, the cost of that type of plans will go up since residents
will be required to have prescription coverage as part of their basic health
insurance plan.

The cheapest health-care plan available today to a 27-year-old privately insured
Boston resident, for example, is $193.81 a month, and that doesn't include
prescription coverage, Powers said.

Individuals will have insurance information forms to fill out with their tax
returns, Bliss said.

The information about what plans people have will be
checked against a state database.

"It's not just the honor system that's going to be employed here," he said.

Individuals without health insurance can be exempted from the tax penalties if
insurance is not affordable or they are facing unusual hardship, such as
homelessness or utility shutoffs, Powers s said.

The state has received 53 requests from residents who say they qualify for an
exemption from the law.

People are taking the penalties seriously, said Estelle Fritzinger, head of the
Community Action Committee of the Cape and Islands, which has a state contract
to enroll people in subsidized plans.

The agency anticipated a downturn in enrollment at the end of the year, she
said, but that hasn't happened.

"We're still seeing an average of 35 new
applications a day.

People are looking at the expenses they'll incur even under
the Commonwealth Care program versus the tax penalties," she said.

Subsidized health insurance through Commonwealth Care is available for
individuals earning up to $30,636 per year and for a family of four earning up
to $61,956.

The poorest of the poor pay no premium.

The maximum individuals can be charged
per month under Commonwealth Care is $105 per month.

The 2007 tax penalty of $219 is still much less money than paying the monthly
premium on even the lower cost Commonwealth Care programs.

But as the penalty increases, state officials hope that residents will see
having health insurance as a better use of their money.

"Otherwise, they will be paying over $900 a year and getting absolutely
nothing," Powers said.

Joyce Brennan, public information officer for the Southcoast Hospitals Group in
Southeastern Massachusetts said lower-income patients have been happy to sign up
for the state's new health insurance plans once they learn how to access the
system.

Employees of Southcoast -- which includes Tobey Hospital in Wareham, St.

Luke's in New Bedford and Charlton Memorial in Fall River -- tried calling about
14,000 people who have used free services at the hospitals, but many had moved
or had their phones disconnected.

"A lot of people are relieved to have the insurance," Brennan said.

It's reaching them that has been our barrier."

One Cape legislator wishes there were more opposition.

State Rep. Jeffrey Perry, R-Sandwich, said he hasn't heard of any legal
challenges to the state health insurance penalties yet, "but I certainly hope
there are."

Perry was one of only two legislators to vote against the health insurance
requirement in 2006.

He said that when
legislators discussed mandated coverage on the floor of the House, the only
incentives they talked about were education and the loss of the personal
exemption.

The state is "fining people for not buying private health insurance," he said.

To see more of the Cape Cod Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.capecodonline.com.

For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080105-CA-HEALTH-INSURANCE-20080105

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                         Copyright 2008 Cape Code Times

                              196 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           November 26, 2016 Saturday

Looking to buy a diabetes insurance plan?

Here's a low-down

BYLINE: Sunil Dhawan

SECTION: INSURE

LENGTH: 1246 words


Changing lifestyles are taking a toll on people's health.

The rising incidence
of diabetes is one such instance impacting an individuals' life, both physically
and financially.

Also known as the 'silent killer', the probability of
hospitalisation is high for diabetes patients, especially as they age.

The probability of having to pay large hospital bills, therefore, increases and
unless one has a dedicated and exclusive diabetes insurance plan, much of it
will have to be borne from one's own pocket.

According to an Association of
Physicians of India study, the urban poor spend as much as 34 per cent, while
their rural counterparts spend 27 per cent of their income on diabetes
treatment.

So how about buying a diabetes health insurance plan?

Any diabetes patient
between the ages of 18 and 65 is eligible to buy it.

What's more, there is no
waiting period in the diabetes specific insurance plans.

"Diabetes insurance
plans are specialised insurance plans focused on providing coverage on
treatments or expenses for people who suffer from diabetes," says Mahavir
Chopra, Director - Health, Life & Strategic Initiatives, Coverfox.com.

Diabetes insurance plans may be standalone and specifically covering the disease
or a part of a regular Mediclaim plan after paying extra premium.

Varishta
Mediclaim from National Insurance and Care Freedom from Religare Health
Insurance are two such plans, but they cater only to senior citizens.

'Diabetes
Safe' from Star Health Insurance and 'Energy' from Apollo Munich Health
Insurance are two exclusive diabetes insurance plans which anyone within the
eligible age bracket can buy, unlike the previous two.

The need for diabetes specific insurance plan

For a healthy individual, having a health cover plan like a Mediclaim, with
adequate sum insured, could be enough to meet the hospitalisation costs arising
out of a diabetic situation.

But future renewals and coverage may get impacted.

Therefore, on detection of diabetes, a diabetes specific insurance plan helps.

There could be further
complications caused due to diabetes, including heart disease, stroke, kidney
failure, vision loss and neuropathy or nerve damage.

Hence, for a diabetes
patient, a diabetes specific insurance plan can address the hospitalisation
concerns better.

There is another reason that makes diabetes specific insurance plan important.

"Generally, health insurance plans treat diabetes as a pre-existing disease and
put a waiting period on the policy, which is around 12 months to 2 years, but
can sometimes go up to 4 years.

So it is sensible to buy a diabetes specific
plan which is way more comprehensive than the health plans and also covers
various complexities," says Naval Goel, Founder & CEO, PolicyX.com.

Costlier than others

Buying a diabetes health insurance plan can, however, be costlier than other
disease specific plans.

It could be because of the rising incidence, so insurers
perceive higher risk of payouts, and also because the plan is a specialised
product.

Goel says, "The reason is quite obvious, even after taking into account
the problem of diabetes and its complications, there is a high probability that
the insured will outlive the policy term."

Life-long renewals beyond 65 years
are offered under all such plans.

Apollo Munich Health Insurance's 'Energy'

Apollo Munich Health Insurance offers 'Energy', a diabetes insurance plan for
those who have been diagnosed with Type II Diabetes or Prediabetes (Impaired
Fasting Glucose/Impaired Glucose Tolerance) or Hypertension.

There is no waiting
period and there is an option for co-payment of 20 per cent of the claim amount.

The plan also provides coverage for 144 day-care procedures.

There is a wellness
programme inbuilt in the plan which takes care of wellness tests and wellness
support that includes online data sharing and a wellness coach to help manage
diet and health.

In addition, the plan offers a renewal premium discount of up to 25 per cent for
the management of health conditions.

If there is no claim and the insured
manages his sugar to stay healthy, then he will get a discount.

Further,
reimbursements of up to 25 per cent of the renewal premium towards consultation,
medicines and drugs, diagnostic, dental and other miscellaneous medical expenses
not covered under any medical insurance will be applicable.

Do not merely base your buying decision by looking at premiums.

As the age band
changes, the premium amount also changes.

Star Health Insurance's 'Diabetes Safe'

Star Health Insurance's 'Diabetes Safe' covers hospitalisation expenses arising
out of complications of both type 1 and type 2 diabetes, and hospitalisation
expenses other than those related to complications.

Therefore, it's a kind of a
combo of Mediclaim and diabetes insurance plan.

The plan also covers out-patient
expenses for medical consultations, diagnostic tests, medicine and compensation
for the accidental death of the insured person.

There are two options:
Plan A, where pre-acceptance medical screening is compulsory, while in Plan B,
there is no pre-acceptance medical screening.

Rising incidence of diabetes

With diabetes on the rise because of changing lifestyles and genetic
predisposition, diabetes-related deaths in India have witnessed a 50 per cent
increase between 2005 and 2015.

It is now the seventh-most common cause of death
in the country, up from the 11th rank in 2005, according to data published by
the Global Burden of Disease (GBD), a WHO project.

There are 69.1 million
diabetes patients in India, the second-highest number in the world after China
(109 million).

According to the International Diabetes Federation (IDF)
estimates, India is predicted to have 123 million diabetes cases in the 20-79
age group by 2040.

Conclusion

As Ashish Mehrotra, MD & CEO, Max Bupa Health Insurance, says, "A comprehensive
health insurance plan covers multiple conditions and removes the worry of
managing multiple plans.

Also, when one can get the treatment for diabetes and
all other conditions under a single policy, then the need for specific cover
gets reduced."

If, however, diabetes is detected at a later stage, the future claim on the
plain-vanilla health insurance plan runs the risk of being jeopardised unless
the policyholder informs the insurer of any change in his medical condition.

In
other words, if the insured develops diabetes many years after buying the
regular insurance policy, even then it would be covered only if he informs the
insurer.

The insured would still be covered for diabetes as it was not
pre-existing, so diabetes cover would be relevant only in cases where the policy
is bought after the disease is discovered.

"Diabetes plans provide much needed immediate and specialised covers for such a
serious disease.

It is, therefore, worth investing in specialised health
insurance plan for diabetes as a supplementary cover to your regular health
insurance plan," says Chopra.

But even with an insurance to back the claims,
it's always better to stay healthy, do regular exercises, eat healthy diet, make
lifestyle changes, and have regular health check-ups.

Early diagnosis definitely
helps in limiting the damage, both physically and financially.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              197 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 29, 2013 Monday

Montana: Health Care Countdown - 2 Navigating New Insurance Malls

LENGTH: 624  words

DATELINE: Helena


Montana Wheat & Barley Committee, The State of Montana has issued the following
news release:

In the soon to be tumultuous world of health insurance, farm employers will have
to make some important financial decisions starting Oct. 1.

It's realistic to expect some glitches, but online health insurance marketplaces
will increase options for those without coverage or small businesses with costly
plans today, Iowa Insurance Commissioner Nick Gerhart said.

(DTN photo by
Elizabeth Williams)

That's when 50 state health care marketplaces (also called exchanges) will be
available online for small businesses and uninsured individuals to shop for
health care plans that meet 2014 insurance mandates under the Affordable Care
Act (ACA).

The marketplaces' function is to simply list the health plans offered by health
insurance companies that choose (and are qualified) to be in your state's
marketplace.

They'll also show each policy's premium based on the ages of those
covered, where you live, whether anyone smokes, and your income (to see if you
qualify for a tax credit or perhaps a premium subsidy).

One marketplace will be set up for individual policies and another will be
established for small businesses, called SHOPS (Small Business Health Options
Program).

In Iowa, six health insurance companies have submitted health plans to be listed
on its insurance marketplace, Iowa Insurance Commissioner Nick Gerhart told DTN.

However, the largest health insurer in Iowa, Wellmark Blue Cross and Blue
Shield, which has 86% of the individual health insurance policies in Iowa and
64% of the state's small business policies, won't participate in the state's
insurance marketplace until 2015.

In other states, several large insurance
companies are also opting out of the marketplaces the first year they're
offered.

UnitedHealthcare is participating in only 12 state marketplace
exchanges for 2014 and Cigna in only five.

Remember, there are two strong advantages of going with a marketplace-offered
plan: (1) small business health care tax credits, and (2) individual health
insurance tax subsidies will only be available for coverage purchased through a
state health insurance marketplace/exchange.

The Affordable Care Act requires everyone to have a health insurance policy, but
it does not force you to buy from a plan offered on your state's marketplace,
and in some cases you won't have to change your policy at all.

In Iowa, "well over half our Farm Bureau members will not see any change in
their plans as they are in what are called 'grandfathered plans' -- meaning they
can stay in those plans," said Steve Kammeyer with Farm Bureau Financial
Services in West Des Moines, Iowa.

"The rest of our members will have the option
of staying on their existing plan for at least another year because Wellmark
(the health insurance provider for Iowa Farm Bureau) has been granted an
extension on their renewal period."

Another important distinction in the law is only large employers (those with
more than 50 full-time equivalent employees) must provide health insurance for
their employees.

Most farm operations have fewer employees and they'll want to see how their
current insurance plan stacks up with those listed on their state's marketplace.

Because of the subsidies involved, it might be cheaper to have your non-family
employees buy their own subsidized individual health policy offered through the
marketplace.

HOW IT'S SUPPOSED TO WORK

You plug in your personal information -- income level (to see if you qualify for
subsidized premium), your age, your address, whether you smoke, if you are
married and/or have children.

For further information please visit: http://wbc.agr.mt.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              198 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              April 14, 1994, THURSDAY, ILLINOIS FIVE STAR Edition

EDGAR AIMS HEALTH PLAN AT BUSINESSES; COMPANIES COULD POOL INSURANCE COSTS

BYLINE: Tim Novak Illinois State Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS; Pg.

Businesses could band together to reduce their health insurance bills, while
workers would get "no frills" coverage if they lose their jobs, under a plan
proposed Wednesday by Gov.

Edgar's plan is less comprehensive than the national health-care reforms
proposed by President Bill Clinton and his wife Hillary Rodham Clinton, but the
governor said the state shouldn't wait for Congress to act.

"While the debate over health-care reform in Washington drags on, we can take
immediate steps here in Illinois to improve the availability and affordability
of health-care coverage for millions of people," Edgar said at a news conference
in the state Capitol.

Edgar stressed that his health-care plan, which he promised five weeks ago,
would not create a new bureaucracy to oversee health insurance nor cost
taxpayers any money.

Edgar's plan would create a voluntary system so businesses could join to buy
health insurance for their workers.

By forming a larger pool of employees, Edgar said companies might be able to
lower their health insurance costs.

State law currently bans businesses from joining to obtain health insurance for
their workers.

"The ability of employers of all sizes to form insurance pools opens up the
market to health care at more reasonable costs, particularly for small
businesses, their workers and dependents," the governor said.

Many small businesses throughout the country do not offer their employees health
insurance because they can't afford it.

By forming pools with other companies,
Edgar said, small businesses might find they could afford to provide health
insurance.

Edgar's plan, unlike the Clinton proposal, would not force businesses to provide
health insurance to anyone.

Low-cost health insurance would be available to any worker who loses a job,
Edgar said.

Under Edgar's plan, those workers could buy a "no-frills" policy
that would limit future employers from imposing new waiting periods for a
pre-existing ailment.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1994 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              199 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             June 19, 2007 Tuesday

BYLINE: SARA KINCAID Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; Pg.

1b

LENGTH: 523 words


Mandan public schools will move to a fully-funded health insurance plan in
October.

Premiums will
go up 26 percent, and Blue Cross Blue Shield will decide the deductible instead
of the district, business manager Joe Lukach said.

Currently, the district has a self-funded health plan administered by Blue Cross
Blue Shield with a $1,000 deductible.

The plan, however, cannot sustain itself.

Each year the district puts money from its general fund into the health
insurance account.

Over the past three years, it has put $750,000 of general
fund money into the health insurance account.

The health insurance committee compared the cost of a self-funded and fully
funded health plan in 2005-06, and the fully funded plan would have saved the
district money, board member Tim Tausend said.

The health insurance committee
recommended the change.

Health insurance costs affected negotiations with the Mandan Education
Association.

The final agreement, which was approved at a special meeting June
13, included a salary package that has the teachers paying for half of the
health insurance increase through payroll deductions.

The agreement was approved after minor changes to wording, board member and
negotiation team member Kirsten Baesler said.

The financial package is the same
as what was agreed to at a negotiation meeting June 7, she said.

Teachers will receive $2,595,723 in additional money to pay for salaries, health
insurance, Teachers Fund For Retirement increases and co-curricular costs.

The
salary for a first-year teacher with a bachelor's degree will be $26,825 in
2007-08 and $28,865 in 2008-09, according to the schedule in the negotiated
agreement.

The 2006-07 base salary for a first-year teacher with a bachelor's
degree is $25,600.

The board also considered changes to the plans for the new middle school during
an update.

A curtain separating part of the cafeteria will become a wall so that
sports activities do not disturb fine arts activities, and the board decided it
wants a 10-foot asphalt bike path instead of one made of concrete or a five-foot
concrete sidewalk.

The city is requiring the bike path or a side walk along
Sunset Drive.

It also approved some electrical changes associated with the wall,
the addition of automatic flushing fixtures for the rest rooms in the library so
that they match the fixtures in the rest of the school and five security
cameras.

Wet weather has delayed work at the middle school site, which was ahead of
schedule, but it caused work to progress at the high school on the air
conditioning project.

That project is about $23,000 overbudget.

It will be
funded from the interest earned on the bonds.

In other board news, the district is hiring for a principal for Fort Lincoln
Elementary School because Principal Owen Stockdill will take the place of
Shirley Reed at Lewis and Clark Elementary School.

The deadline for applications
is Friday, and so far nine people have applied.

Board member Tom Arenz will
serve on the interviewing committee.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2007 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                              200 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                     September 20, 2013 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Core Documents: How Health Care Reform Affects Section 125 Premium Only
Cafeteria Plans January 1, 2014

LENGTH: 694  words


New Delhi, Sept. 20 -- Today, Core Documents, the leading provider of affordable
Section 125 Cafeteria Plan Documents to small employers, published new
information on How Health Care Reform Affects Section 125 Premium Only Plans
January 1, 2014.

The good news is Core Documents expects Section 125 Premium
Only Plans to remain a viable employer and employee tax favored program after
Healthcare Reform, and for years to come, with only minor changes described
below.

A Section 125 Premium Only Plan (POP) is an essential benefit that still allows
employees to pay their portion of health insurance, and other ancillary
insurance premium on a pretax basis.

Employees save 22% to 40% of premium cost
in reduced tax liability, depending on their tax bracket.

Employers also save
between 7.65% and 10% by eliminating matching federal unemployment (FUTA) and
social security (FICA) taxes and possibly workers' compensation cost.

It really
is a "win-win" solution with no downside for the employer.

Both the employer and
employee save money.

A plan document and summary plan description is required by
the IRS and Department of Labor before pretax deductions are taken.

This is a
benefit that actually reduces employer overhead and employee benefit cost.

Core
Documents provides employers with affordable ACA compliant Section 125 Premium
Only Plan Documents at www.Core125.com.

New Code Excludes (Only) Individual Health Coverage from a State Exchange

Under current Internal Revenue Code (Code), the term "qualified benefit" is
broadly defined to cover most group and individual insurance premium such as
medical, dental, vision, ancillary, and group term life insurance.

Beginning
January 1, 2014 the Affordable Care Act (ACA) adds a new section 125(f)(3) to
the Code that excludes (only) individual insurance premium offered through a
State Exchange.

All other types of individual health insurance premium outside
the State Exchange program can still be deducted using a Section 125 Premium
Only Plan.

The ACA provides federal funds for States to establish and administer two types
of Exchanges - American Health Benefit Exchanges or Individual Insurance
Exchanges, and Small Business Health Option Program Exchanges or SHOP Exchanges.

Individual Insurance Exchanges will help people purchase individual health
insurance coverage, and SHOP Exchanges will help qualified employers purchase
group health insurance coverage.

State Exchanges will only sell qualified health insurance plans.

Qualified means
health insurance plans that cover essential health benefits, meet specific
cost-sharing rules, and satisfy actuarial requirements.

Plan design options will
include the bronze, silver, gold, platinum, and a catastrophic plan for those
under age 30 to make it easier to compare benefits and cost.

The reason individual health insurance offered through a State Exchange is being
excluded as a qualified benefit under Section 125 is because the premium is
subsidized by the government.

To deduct a federally subsidized premium through a
Section 125 Plan would constitute what the IRS refers to as "double-dipping".

So
only subsidized individual insurance premium offered through the State Exchange
will be excluded.

New Code Allows Group SHOP Exchange Insurance Premium Deductions via Section 125
POP

The new section 125(f)(3) Code eliminating (only) individual health insurance
offered through a State Exchange does provide an exception - the new rules do
not apply to employer group health insurance plans offered from a SHOP Exchange.

New Code section 125(f)(3)(B) provides the exception that allows qualified
employers to use a Section 125 Premium Only Plan to pretax group health
insurance premium purchased from a SHOP Exchange.

Core Documents has been providing Section 125 Cafeteria Plan Documents starting
at only $99 since 1997.

See more information about Section 125 Premium Only
Plans, Health FSA Plans, and Dependent Care FSA plans at www.CoreDocuments.com,
or call us toll free at 1-888-755-3373.

Qualified benefit consultants are
standing by to answer all your questions and help you design an affordable ACA
compliant plan document specifically for your company.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                              201 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Legal News Line

                            August 3, 2011 Wednesday

Mass.

AG obtains $2.4M judgment

BYLINE: Bryan Cohen

LENGTH: 446 words


BOSTON (Legal Newsline) - Massachusetts Attorney General Martha Coakley
announced a $2.4 million civil judgment Tuesday against two companies for
alleged fraudulent marketing and selling a discount health plan as health
insurance.

The judgment against Consumer Health Benefit Association and National
Benefits Consultants, LLC orders restitution for consumers and preventive
measures to ensure future compliance with the law.

The companies are ordered to
pay consumers in Massachusetts $586,960.95 in restitution and to pay the state
$1,780,000 in civil penalties and $99,000 in attorneys' fees.

The judgment
permanently prohibits the defendants from representing a discount health plan or
insurance as enabling a state resident to meet the state health insurance
coverage mandate when the product does not meet the requisite standard,
marketing or selling as health insurance a product that is not a health benefit
plan and violating regulations issued by Coakley governing discount health plans
and discount health plan organizations.

"Massachusetts residents are generally
required to have health insurance and are afforded a wide range of coverage
options to satisfy their individual needs.

It is particularly important that
companies offering discount health plans clearly disclose what their plans do
and do not offer," Coakley said.

"We will continue to vigorously pursue
companies if they misrepresent discount plans as health insurance in
Massachusetts."

According to a complaint filed in October 2009 against CHBA,
NBC, Guarantee Trust Life Insurance Company and Vantage America Solutions, Inc.,
the defendants allegedly engaged in deceptive and unfair sales of a discount
health plan to consumers using multiple tactics and represented the discount
health plan as health insurance and as sufficient to satisfy the state law
requiring individuals to have health insurance.

CHBA and NBC have filed for
bankruptcy in Florida, which will necessarily affect the availability of funds
to pay the judgment.

Coakley's lawsuit against Vantage America Solutions, Inc.
and Guarantee Trust Life Insurance Company is ongoing.

Discount health plans
claim to offer consumers discounts for specific health care services or products
from certain providers in exchange for some form of fee.

Under a discount health
plan, the plan member should receive a discount but is obligated to make all
payments for provided services.

Discount health plans are not themselves
insurance products and are not regulated by the Massachusetts Division of
Insurance, Coakley says.

These plans are not actually health insurance and do
not meet the requirement under state law to have health insurance.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 LegalNewsLine.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                              202 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 19, 2016 Tuesday

Insurance Commissioner Advises Consumers to be Wary of Limited Benefit Plans,
Exercise Caution When Shopping for Health Insurance

LENGTH: 472  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: Pennsylvania Department of Insurance has issued the following news
release:



   Insurance Commissioner Teresa Miller today issued a consumer alert advising
consumers to be cautious and understand the policy before purchasing a health
insurance plan.

The Affordable Care Act created a federally-run health insurance marketplace
located at www.Healthcare.gov, and subsidies are only available through the
federal marketplace.

Health insurance plans can still be purchased "off-marketplace."

These plans
may advertise coverage at a lower rate, but they are not required to meet the
same coverage standards as marketplace plans and may provide a more limited
scope of benefits.

Websites like healthcare.com  may resemble the federal
marketplace, but these are off-marketplace plans and are not eligible for
subsidies.

In addition, these plans may not protect you from tax penalties for
not having minimum essential coverage.

"Providing tools to consumers that can help them make informed and empowered
decisions about their health insurance has been a priority of the Insurance
Department," said Commissioner Miller.

"Off-marketplace products are still
available, and like any other insurance policy, consumers need to understand
these products and the coverage they offer before making a purchase."

Off-marketplace plans may advertise coverage at a lower rate than plans
available through the federal marketplace, but these plans do not always offer
the same level of coverage for routine medical visits, preventive care, and
diagnostic testing.

These plans are not required to provide coverage for
pre-existing conditions, meaning you may have to pay for services related to
pre-existing conditions out-of-pocket.

In addition, many of these plans have pre-designated reimbursement rates for
types of services.

For example, you could be reimbursed $200 for a trip to the
emergency room and would be responsible for any remaining or extra charges.

Commissioner Miller urged consumers to consider the following questions when
shopping for a health insurance plan, including:



     Does the plan provide coverage for preventive, diagnostic, and other
routine services?

Are your doctors in the plan's provider network?

Does the plan meet minimum essential coverage requirements?

Will you
receive a 1095 tax form?

"If your health insurance plan does not meet minimum essential coverage
standards outlined in the Affordable Care Act, you may face a tax penalty," said
Commissioner Miller.

"Review your policy and understand its specifics so you can
answer these questions.

If you're unsure about anything, talk to your agent or
contact the Insurance Department's Bureau of Consumer Services."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              203 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           November 8, 2007 Thursday

Catamount Health Insurance Information

BYLINE: Bellows Falls Town Crier

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 265 words


Sojourns Community Health Clinic will offer free informational sessions about
the Catamount Health Insurance Plan on Thursday, Nov. 15 at 7 p.m.

At the event, a representative from Windham County will present information
about Catamount, and will then be available to answer questions about Catamount
and all the State-run insurance products and premium assistance programs.

These
informational sessions will take place at Sojourns on Route 5 in Westminster,
Vt.

The Catamount Health Plan is a new health insurance plan designed to offer
comprehensive benefits with very low out-of-pocket co-pays and other expenses.

Financial assistance with the Catamount Health Plan is also available through
premium assistance to individuals and families.

Catamount Health is intended for half of the state's estimated 65,000 uninsured
who don't qualify for other state-subsidized health insurance plans.

This plan
is a part of the State of Vermont's initiative to develop several programs to
improve the affordability of health insurance so that all Vermonters may have
access to coverage.

Catamount Health policies will be offered by two private
insurance companies: Blue Cross Blue Shield of Vermont and MVP Health Plan.

Enrollment opened Oct. 1, with coverage expected to start Nov. 1.

Come learn more about the insurance options that are available to you through
the State of Vermont.

For more information about these events, please contact Diana Venman at
Sojourns: (802) 722-4023.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              204 of 999 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2013 Progressive Media Group Limited, All Rights
                                    Reserved

                        ICD Research - Business Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            Progressive Digital Media company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data.

The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

March 21, 2013

                            Celtic Insurance Company

                             233 South Wacker Drive
                                 Chicago 60606
                            United States of America

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *


COMPANY OVERVIEW

   Celtic Insurance Company (Celtic) is a privately held insurance service
provider in the US.

The company offers a wide range of insurance products and
services across the US health insurance industry for individuals, families,
children and the self employed.

Its product offering comprises various low-cost
individual health insurance plans and medical insurance plans.

Moreover, the
company also offers post-employment benefits through its conversion coverage
program.

Furthermore, it also offers online quote and claim management service
through its website.

It serves more than 30,000 policyholders nationwide.

The
company operates as a subsidiary of Centene Corporation.

Celtic is headquartered
in Chicago, Illinois, the US.

BUSINESS DESCRIPTION

   Celtic Insurance Company is one of the leading specialty health insurance
companies in the US health insurance sector.

The company operates as a
subsidiary of Centene Corporation since 2008.

The company offers a broad array
of health insurance products covering a wide range of customers from
individuals, families, children and the self employed.

The company's diversified
insurance product offering includes the coverage's for over 30,000 policyholders
in the country.

The health insurance solutions offered by the company include low cost
individual health insurance products for people of different age group, family
health insurance products, kids health plan and of the self employed people.

The
individual health insurance plans offered by the company includes economical
basic health coverage plan (Celtic Basic), comprehensive health plan (CeltiCare,
CeltiCare II and CeltiCare Preferred), Health Savings Account (HAS) qualified
health plan (CelticSaver HSA), short term medical insurance (Celtic Short-Term),
and student health insurance (Celtic PostGrad).

The medical insurance products offered by the company includes stand-alone
guarantee-issue medical conversion program to the self-funded employer groups,
stop-loss and fully-insured group carriers, managed care plans, and HMO
reinsurers across the 49 states in the US.

In addition, the company also offers a service: Locate a doctor or hospital
wherein it contracts with Preferred Provider Organizations (PPOs) to make use of
their network of health care providers and hospitals for its PPO health benefit
plans.

Celtic markets, sells and distributes its insurance products online and
through its direct sales agents all over the country.

Its product offering
comprises health insurance, medical insurance, and accident insurance products.

It has the license to operate in the 49 states of US including Alabama, Alaska,
Arkansas, Arizona, California, Connecticut, Colorado, Delaware, Florida,
Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Louisiana, Maryland, Michigan,
Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Mexico, Nevada, North
Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee,
Texas, Virgina, Washington D.C., West Virginia, Wisconsin and Wyoming.

In June 2011, A.M. Best has upgraded the issuer credit rating (ICR) of Celtic
Insurance Company from "bbb" to "bbb+" and accredited the financial strength
rating of B++ (Good) with stable outlook.

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *







LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2013

                              205 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                           November 12, 2005 Saturday
                                  ROP Edition

COMMENTARY;
We all pay for those without health insurance

BYLINE: State Rep. Ron Mariano

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg.

7

LENGTH: 926 words


REP. RON MARIANO

The House of Representatives, under the leadership of Speaker Sal DiMasi, has
put forth an ambitious plan to provide health insurance for 95 percent of our
residents within three years.

This groundbreaking legislation significantly
expands coverage for the poor and encourages personal responsibility, by
requiring individuals to buy insurance if there is an affordable plan available
to them.

It is an attempt to bring individuals, business, and the state together
as partners in a comprehensive plan to solve the problem of the uninsured.

I
served as Chairman of the Committee on Insurance for four years, and have worked
on countless other subcommittees and task forces that have studied our health
care problems.

After much investigation, it is apparent that our Uncompensated Care Pool, the
funding mechanism by which we pay health care providers for services delivered
to the uninsured, is one of our most significant problems.

The commonwealth had
spent more than $750 million in the past two state budgets to fund this free
care pool.

Additionally, we required businesses that already provided insurance
to their employees, and insurance companies themselves, to pay $160 million into
this pool.

All of this money was being spent on people who were eligible but not
enrolled in Medicaid, or on people who were not offered health insurance through
their employer, or who simply chose not to purchase it.

Make no mistake about
it, there is no free care; we all pay for this coverage.

Exacerbating this
problem is the fact that much of this care was provided in the most expensive
setting available, a hospital emergency room.

The House plan uses a tiered
approach to reduce the number of residents seeking care from the Uncompensated
Care Pool by proposing the following solutions: expand access to cover more
people in the most cost-effective manner; enable insurers to provide more
affordable products; and encourage responsible consumer behavior.

Under the
legislation, the state would provide health insurance to 100,000 low-income
children, parents, and other adults.

Additionally, the state would offer
subsidies with sliding scale premiums for nearly 150,000 people through the new
Commonwealth Care Health Insurance Program.

The proposal relies on leveraged
federal funds, employer contributions, and redistributed Uncompensated Care Pool
dollars to expand coverage to roughly 585,000 uninsured residents.

The House
plan would also use funds from the state's 1998 tobacco settlement to help pay
for new costs to the state.

The House plan attempts to spread the cost of health
care services for the uninsured to businesses that do not offer health insurance
and whose employees, in many cases, are receiving health services through the
free care pool, and also to individuals that have chosen not to participate in
the current system and who still use the free care pool.

It is a question of
equality and fairness.

Why should companies that offer health insurance to their
employees also be burdened with paying the health care costs of employees of
another company that chooses not to offer insurance?

The plan exempts very small
businesses that have 10 employees or less, as well as businesses that spend more
than 7 percent of their payroll on health insurance.

Individuals employed by
companies that do not offer health insurance or are otherwise uninsured would
now be required to purchase health insurance on their own, but only when an
affordable policy is available in the market.

Paying for the uninsured is a
problem for which we all must be responsible.

Adding a new requirement on
businesses and individuals without also making changes to our expensive health
insurance market would be unfair, which is why the House plan also takes steps
to make it easier and less expensive to buy health insurance.

The new Health
Insurance Connector will act as a one-stop shopping center, selling affordable,
pre-approved health plans to businesses and individuals alike.

By allowing the
Connector to sell a much wider range of health insurance plans than is currently
available, we give companies the ability to tailor their policies to the needs
of their employees.

The Connector reduces administrative burdens on small
businesses, facilitates portability of plans, and allows part-time and seasonal
workers to combine contributions from multiple employers.

Additionally, all
policies sold through the Connector can be purchased with pre-tax dollars,
maximizing consumer buying power.

For those lower-income individuals who do not
qualify for coverage under our expanded Medicaid program, and who are unable to
purchase health insurance on their own, the state will help pay the monthly
premiums on a sliding scale, but only to the extent that is absolutely
necessary.

In addition to the reforms outlined above, the bill will also enable
insurers to offer more affordable products by merging the non-group and
small-group markets, permit HMOs to offer Health Savings Accounts, place a
moratorium on additional health insurance mandates, permit children to stay on
their parents' policies for two years beyond loss of dependent status, and
create specialized low-cost products for 19 to 26-year-olds.

By taking bold and
innovative steps, the House has created a comprehensive plan that should provide
health insurance coverage for 95 percent of Massachusetts residents within three
years.

The opportunity has never been greater to provide real reform for the
people of our state.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Patriot Ledger

                              206 of 999 DOCUMENTS



             The Morgan Messenger (Berkely Springs, West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 10, 2012

Understand your health insurance

BYLINE: The Morgan Messenger staff

LENGTH: 520  words


If you've ever had to decide on a health insurance plan, you probably spent days
with stacks of paper all over the dining room table trying to sift through fine
print that seems like it's written in Latin.

Comparing plans is absurdly complicated.

It's hard to think about the types of
services you might need in the future, and insurance companies don't make it
easy on consumers to wade through pages of documents that don't really tell you
what's covered.

Starting September 23, all of this changed.

Because of a new consumer protection
in the health reform law, insurance companies must clearly explain their
coverage plans and make them easy-to-under-stand.

When spending money on a new purchase, you probably examine all the options,
comparison shop and try to make an informed decision.

You should be able to do
the same thing before choosing a health insurance plan.

It's now easier for
families to compare and understand plans and choose the one that best fits their
needs.

Now, health insurance companies must provide standard summaries of their
benefits and coverage so you can easily look at the differences between plans.

This will include something like our "nutrition labels" on packaged food.

Your
health insurance plan will now have to provide you with a Coverage Facts label
so you can get a sense of the out-of-pocket costs you will have to pay for
routine medical care like office visits, lab tests, and prescription drugs as
well as for complex medical treatments like surgery, chemotherapy, or radiation
treatment.

And you will have a glossary of commonly used health care terms like
"deductible" and "co-payment" so you can track all the health care jargon.

Gone
are the days when you had to work to decipher what your health plans actually
cover and at what cost.

One of the most important benefits of the health reform law is that it stands up
to insurance companies and puts you, the consumer, first.

Health insurance
companies can no longer take advantage by charging more money for less service,
hiding behind loopholes and excuses to deny benefits you paid for, and making
plans overly complicated.

But when people are asked about
specific provisions, they are often very much in favor of them like covering
pre-existing conditions, being able to keep young adults on their parents'
health insurance until they are 26 and making sure insurance companies spend
more of their premium dollars on actual medical care and less on salaries for
insurance executives and extravagant offices, just to name a few.

A Kaiser Health Poll showed that requiring insurance companies to provide easy
to read summaries of their benefits is the most popular piece in the health
reform law, with 84% of people really liking that provision.

I know how deeply frustrated people have been by the confusing information they
get from insurance companies.

Many are sick and tired of guessing what their
insurance will or won't cover.

I'm proud to have worked to make sure this rule stays strong by defending
consumers and rejecting attempts to weaken any of these protections for you.

Copyright 2012

                              207 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            November 16, 2014 Sunday

Hospital seeks to educate, enroll uninsured

BYLINE: By Headlight Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1413 words


DEMING &GT;&GT; As part of the Affordable Care Act, most U.S. citizens were
required to have health insurance beginning in 2014.

Wondering why health insurance
is so important, the Headlight sat down with Steve Westenhofer, CEO of Mimbres
Memorial Hospital to find out.

DH: What is health insurance?

Westenhofer: Health insurance is a contract between you and an insurance
company.

When you buy a plan or policy, you pay a monthly fee and in return, the
company agrees to pay part of your medical expenses when you get sick or hurt.

DH: Why is it important that citizens have health insurance?

Westenhofer: While no one plans to get sick or hurt, most people need medical
care at some point.

Did you know the average cost of a three-day hospital stay
is $30,000?

Or that fixing a broken leg can cost up to $7,500?

Having health
insurance helps protect you from unexpected costs like these.

Your insurance
policy will outline what types of care, treatments and services are covered,
including how much the insurance company will pay for different treatments in
different situations.

DH: Is having health insurance mandatory?

Westenhofer: Yes, with few exceptions, most U.S. citizens are required to have
health insurance under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, which was
signed into law in 2010.

Those who do not have minimum essential health coverage
like through an employer   and don't qualify for an exemption, will have to pay
a penalty fee if they don't get health insurance.

Westenhofer: If you can afford health insurance coverage in 2015, but don't sign
up, you will have to pay a penalty ($325 per adult, $162.40 per child   up to
$975 per family or 2 percent of income whichever is higher).

And without
insurance, you'll be financially responsible for all of your medical costs.

DH: Who is exempt from having to get health insurance?

Westenhofer: The list is long, but here are a few reasons why a person might be
exempt:

Coverage is unaffordable coverage (more than 8 percent of household income)

You are a member of federally recognized tribe

You are below tax filing threshold and not required to file taxes

You have been uninsured for less than three consecutive months during the year

DH: When can a person purchase health insurance?

Westenhofer: For the Health Insurance Marketplace, enrollment periods are only
for a specified time during the year.

You can only purchase insurance
outside of that time period if you have a qualifying life event, such as a
marriage, divorce, new baby, and change of income, to name a few.

You are considered covered if you have Medicare, Medicaid, CHIP, any job-based
plan, any plan you've purchased yourself, COBRA, retiree coverage, Tricare, VA
health coverage.

DH: How much does health insurance cost?

Westenhofer: Each plan varies in terms of overall cost and depends on the amount
of premium and deductible you choose.

The premium is the amount of money charged
for a certain amount of insurance coverage each year.

You may also have an
annual deductible.

This is the amount you must pay out of your pocket before the
insurance company will pay any expenses.

For example, let's say you have a plan
with a $200 deductible.

You go to the doctor and the total cost is $250.

You pay
the first $200 to cover the deductible, and then your insurance pays its share.

How much you pay for your premium and deductible depends on the type of
insurance you have and whether you're purchasing individual or family coverage.

DH: What types of plans are there?

Westenhofer: There are four levels of qualified health plans on the Health
Insurance Marketplace: platinum, gold, silver, and bronze.

Each category has a
different monthly premium costs, as well as deductible.

There are a lot of
affordable options on the Health Insurance Marketplace and you can compare each
plan side by side so you can find the plan that meets you and/or your family's
needs.

DH: Is there any help available if you can't afford health insurance?

Westenhofer: The federal government can assist some individuals and families
with their premiums costs by providing subsidies to those who qualify based on
their income.

For example, if a family of four had an income of about $40,000 in
2014, they may be eligible for subsidy assistance on premium costs that exceed 5
percent of their income.

If that same family of four purchases a Silver plan
that might cost them around $9,400 per year, they could eligible to receive
subsidy assistance of up to almost $7,400; which means they would only be
responsible for about $2,000 of the insurance premium costs themselves.

DH: What if you have a preexisting condition like a previous cancer, a diabetes
diagnosis or are pregnant?

Westenhofer: You cannot be excluded from coverage for any preexisting condition.

And, equally important, parents can cover their children up to age 26 on their
insurance plan.

DH: What do I need to do if I enrolled last year and have coverage?

Westenhofer: The federal government has announced that for those consumers who
are already enrolled in a Marketplace plan in 2014, they will have an automatic
enrollment option to select the same health plan coverage in 2015.

Of course,
these individuals and families have the option to shop for other coverage
choices, as well.

The Marketplace enrollment tools spell out the steps consumers
will need to take for either the option to auto-enroll in the same health
insurance coverage, or to shop for other choices.

DH: What else does a health insurance cover?

Westenhofer: In addition to pre-existing conditions, all qualified health plans
must offer:

Ambulatory patient services

Hospitalization and emergency services

Maternity and newborn care

Mental Health and substance use disorder

Prescription drugs

Lab services

Preventive and wellness services

Chronic disease management

Pediatric services, including dental and vision care

Of course, you have to meet your deductible before insurance pays.

DH: I've also heard that qualified health plans cover preventive care services
at no charge.

Westenhofer: Yes, qualified plans cover many preventive care screenings, tests
and services such as vaccinations that can help adults and children stay
healthy.

And the best news is, they're free   no copays or deductibles.

Depending on your age, gender and other risk factors, your doctor may tell you
it's time for a mammogram, colonoscopy or other screening that can detect cancer
or disease in its earliest, most treatable stages.

Or, it may be time to screen
for high blood pressure or high cholesterol to give your doctor information that
can help prevent a stroke or heart attack.

For women, many preventive care screenings, tests and supplies that can help
with family planning and pregnancy are now covered, along with services such as
these:

Well-woman checkups

Contraceptives and birth control counseling

Screenings during pregnancy for a variety of conditions

Breastfeeding supplies, support and counseling

DH: Besides a health insurance plan on the Health Insurance Marketplace, what
other types of health insurance are available?

Westenhofer: Many families with limited income will qualify for Medicaid or
Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP) and they can enroll any time of the
year.

Medicaid provides health coverage for some low-income people, families and
children, pregnant women, the elderly, and people with disabilities.

In some
states the program covers all low-income adults below a certain income level.

CHIP provides low-cost health coverage to children in families that earn too
much money to qualify for Medicaid.

In some states, CHIP covers parents and
pregnant women.

Each state offers CHIP coverage, and works closely with its
state Medicaid program.

DH: How can local, uninsured residents find help with enrollment?

Westenhofer: As a service to our community Mimbres Memorial Hospital can help
uninsured residents review coverage options on the Health Insurance Marketplace,
or determine eligibility for Medicaid.

We can also assist with re-enrollment or
with special enrollment if someone has had a life change, such as a marriage,
divorce, job loss, etc.

All they need to do is schedule an appointment with one of our application
coordinators by calling 546-5890.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Westenhofer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2014 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                              208 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                              June 5, 2009 Friday

Consumers move to health cash plans but it's wise to check for side-effects

SECTION: FINANCE; Personal Finance; Pg.

9

LENGTH: 1069 words


Shrinking pay packets have seen consumers switching to lower levels of health
cover and using the savings to take out health cash plans, writes CAROLINE
MADDEN

A COMBINATION of shrink- ing pay packets and higher premiums has forced many
households to cut back on private health insurance.

One trend emerging is that consumers are switching to lower levels of cover
or, more worryingly, dropping their private health insurance altogether   and
using the savings to take out cheap health cash plans.

Traditional private health insurance products are primarily designed to cover
in-patient  healthcare costs such as hospital stays and major operations,
whereas health cash plans focus on providing cash payments for routine
day-to-day  out-patient  expenses such as visits to GPs and other health
practitioners such as dentists and physiotherapists.

Cash plans can be an ideal
complement to private health insurance.

The main provider of health cash plans in Ireland is the Hospital Saturday Fund
(HSF) Health Plan (www.hsf.ie), and it currently covers just over 100,000 people
in the Republic.

The majority of these contribute through an employer scheme, but it s possible
for individuals to join directly.

One of the attractions with us is that we are, by comparison, very low cost,
says Roy Smith of the HSF.

This year again we ve frozen our prices.

In fact HSF, which donates its surpluses to charitable causes every year, hasn t
increased its prices for the last five years.

Given the hefty price hikes
announced by health insurers VHI Healthcare and Quinn-healthcare late last year,
this will be music to consumers  ears.

HSF offers seven different plans, with premiums ranging from EUR 9.50 to EUR 55
a month, which translates into annual costs of between EUR 114 and EUR 660 a
year.

The level of cover is linked to the premium that the customer chooses to pay.

The top-of-the-range plan, known as Scheme 5500, pays for half of all dental and
optical care costs up to a maximum of EUR 550 a year.

Other benefit under this
scheme include a cash payment of EUR 32 for each visit to the GP or emergency
department (with a maximum of 10 visits covered a year), EUR 16 towards the cost
of up to four prescriptions a year, and a birth grant of EUR 800.

One of the key advantages of the HSF cash plans is that their premiums are not
dependent on the number of people included on a policy.

They can, therefore,
prove extremely cost-effective for large families because a contributor can add
their spouse or partner, and all dependant children up to 18 to their plan at no
extra cost.

As a result, parents with several young children who are likely to
make frequent trips to the doctor s surgery and pharmacy could easily find that
their cash plan more than pays for itself each year.

Some private health insurance plans provide a certain level of out-patient
cover, for example reimbursing a certain level of GP, consultant or
physiotherapy fees, in addition to hospital cover.

However consumers should bear
in mind that there is usually an  excess  amount of several hundred euro that
they will have to pay themselves before their private health insurance kicks in.

In the case of Hibernian Aviva Health s  we plan  health insurance policy, an
out-patient excess of EUR 250 applies per family.

With Quinn Healthcare
Essential Plus, the family excess is EUR 440, and with VHI Healthcare Plans A to
C, the excess is EUR 250 per person.

However, if a family has supplemented their
health insurance with a cash plan it will go some way towards covering the costs
that they are unable to claim on their health insurance.

Several health insurers offer  day-to-day  health insurance products which can
be bought as standalone products, or as add-ons to the consumer s main hospital
plan.

For example, VHI Healthcare s HealthSteps range is specifically designed
to cover out-patient expenses.

One advantage of this type of product is that premiums qualify for tax relief at
20 per cent (as is the case with all private health insurance premiums), whereas
contributions to health cash plans do not qualify for any such relief.

Despite this, day-to-day plans aren t necessarily better value than cash plans,
and it s important to weigh up the benefits, and the level of cover offered,
before making a decision.

For example, both types of plans (health cash plans and  day-to-day  health
insurance products) generally cover dental, optical and GP costs, but the number
of visits and the maximum amounts that can be claimed vary widely.

Furthermore, some of the more advanced HSF health cash plans offer extra
benefits such as personal injury cover, and all of their plans pay grants for
hospital stays, so consumers should assess their family s specific medical
requirements before choosing the product that best suits them.

The nightly grants paid by HSF for overnight stays in hospital range from EUR 20
to EUR 120, and go some way towards covering the  out-of-pocket  expenses that
can quickly mount when a family member is hospitalised, such as overnight
accommodation and meals for parents, emergency childcare and parking charges.

A cash plan can help to bridge the gap between the total costs arising from
hospital stays, and what the patient s private health insurance will pay out.

Ideally, health cash plans should be used to supplement private health insurance
rather than replace it.

Although they can help to alleviate the burden of everyday medical costs, for
families in particular, health cash plans are not designed to cover the  big
ticket  health costs such as major surgery or hospital bills.

Despite this major drawback, more people are eschewing expensive private health
insurance in favour of low-cost cash plans   because it s all they can afford.

In the past I would say the majority of our contributors were joining
us to complement their private medical [insurance], but now there seems to be a
bit of shift away from that.

People are saying  I can t afford the private medical anymore,  or  I ve never
had insurance, I ve looked at that premium, it s beyond my reach.

Although health cash plans may be enticingly cheap, and are better than having
no health cover at all, consumers must make sure they fully understand the
limitations of these products before signing up.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                              209 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 13, 2013 Friday

First CarolinaCare Insurance cancels plans to offer coverage through Federal
Health Insurance Exchange

BYLINE: Paul Woolverton, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 354 words


Sept. 13--PINEHURST -- Citing "uncertainties," a Moore County insurance company
on Thursday canceled its plans to offer health insurance to the general public
through President Obama's health care reform program.

This leaves the state with only two insurance providers who have said they will
sell policies through the government's Health Insurance Marketplace when it goes
online on Oct. 1.

The Marketplace, also called the Federal Health Insurance Exchange, is a website
where uninsured people will be able to compare prices and coverage and buy
health insurance.

It's to help them obey the Affordable Care Act, also called
"Obamacare," the health reform law that says most Americans must obtain health
insurance by Jan. 1.

The Moore County insurance company bowing out of the Marketplace,
FirstCarolinaCare Insurance Co., is owned by FirstHealth of the Carolinas, the
hospital system based in Pinehurst.

It planned to offer 16 insurance plans
through the Marketplace to people in Moore, Richmond, Montgomery, Hoke,
Scotland, and Lee counties.

"When we originally proposed participation in the Exchange, we recognized that
there were many unknowns for all of us," said Kenneth J. Lewis, president of
FirstCarolinaCare Insurance.

"However, after months of review, there continue to
be uncertainties in the Exchange implementation and processes for insurers.

After further assessment of the uncertainties related to the Exchange and
consideration of our overall business strategy, we reluctantly came to the
conclusion to withdraw our application to participate in the Exchange."

Non-profit Blue Cross and Blue Shield of North Carolina announced plans to sell
policies through the Marketplace statewide.

Published reports say Coventry
Health Care of the Carolinas also plans to offer coverage, but details have not
been announced.

Coventry is a subsidiary of Aetna.

Staff writer Paul Woolverton can be reached at woolvertonp@fayobserver.com or
910-486-3512.

___ (c)2013 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130913-FY-First-CarolinaCare-Insurance-cancels-plans
-to-offer-coverage-through-Federal-Health-Insurance-Exchange-0913-20130913

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2013 The Fayetteville Observer

                              210 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                       October 3, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

NCQA Releases 2016 Health Insurance Plan Ratings

LENGTH: 630  words


Oct. 3 -- National Committee for Quality Assurance (NCQA) announces its 2016
Health Insurance Plan Ratings.

These ratings provide consumers with a more
accurate picture of how health insurance plans perform in the key quality areas
of consumer satisfaction, prevention and treatment.

NCQA's Health Insurance Plan Ratings 2016-2017 compare the quality and services
of more than 1,000 health plans in the United States.

Under a new agreement, NCQA and WebMD are teaming up to publish the ratings.

WebMD will begin publishing the ratings on its flagship consumer website,
WebMD.com.

WebMD is the leading provider of health information services and tools, serving
consumers, physicians, healthcare professionals, employers and health plans.

The
WebMD website has 74 million unique monthly US visitors according to comScore.

"WebMD is the ideal organization to distribute the NCQA Health Insurance Plan
Ratings," said Margaret E. O'Kane, President of NCQA.

"Now, more people who are
engaged and interested in their health care will have access to these ratings,
enabling them to make more informed decisions about which health plans are best
suited for their needs.

This is an important step in making health plan
information more accessible to wider audiences."

"WebMD is committed to providing tools and resources that address consumers'
need for greater transparency related to costs and quality when choosing health
care options," said Steve Zatz, M.D., Chief Executive Officer, WebMD.

"NCQAs
Health Insurance Plan Ratings support our mission of empowering health
decision-making for WebMD's large and engaged audience of consumers."

About the Ratings:

NCQA studied 1,401 health plans and rated 1,012: 503 private (commercial), 338
Medicare and 171 Medicaid.

The ratings are a system similar to CMS Star Ratings of Medicare Advantage
plans, and give unprecedented importance to health outcomes and consumer
satisfaction.

Key Takeaways from the 2016-2017 Ratings Include:

* New England and Great Lakes Plans Perform Best: States with the highest
percentage of plans receiving a 4.5 or 5.0 out of 5 rating include
Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Wisconsin, Maine, New Hampshire, Minnesota, Vermont
and New York.

* High and Low Performers Are Rare: Of the 1,012 rated plans, 105 (10%) received
a top rating of 4.5 or 5.0 out of 5.

Twenty-seven (3%) earned the ratings of 1.5
to 2.0.

Most plans are in the middle, approximating a "bell curve" when all
plans' performances are plotted on a graph.

http://bit.ly/2cHgZV2

* Commonalities among plans: The percent of top-rated plans are relatively the
same between Private (Commercial), Medicare and Medicaid plans.

Ratings Focus on Satisfaction & Outcomes

The ratings consist of three major performance categories: consumer
satisfaction, prevention and treatment.

* Consumer Satisfaction: What patients say about their health plans in
satisfaction surveys, including care, customer service and physicians.

* Prevention: How well plans provide screenings, immunizations and other
preventive services.

* Treatment: How well a plan performs in treating chronic and acute conditions
such as diabetes, depression and heart disease.

In each category, the results -- outcomes -- of a patient's care count extra in
the scoring; for example, whether blood pressure and diabetics' blood sugar are
controlled to safe, recommended levels.

This emphasis on results means that, together with consumer satisfaction,
outcomes are the main driver of ratings results.

NCQA's Health Insurance Plan Ratings are available on Sept. 22 by visiting
http://doctor.webmd.com/find-health-insurance.

For information on how the
ratings were calculated, visit NCQA ratings methodology: http://bit.ly/2cr94OT

Source: National Committee for Quality Assurance

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                              211 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Employee Benefit Advisor

                                 November 2010

How brokers can survive health care reform

BYLINE: Richard Millard

SECTION: HEALTH; Pg.

11

LENGTH: 757  words


Brokers who sell health insurance are bracing for the impact of reform.

In what
looks like a classic disintermediation scenario, forces are converging to put
power and influence directly in the hands of insurance purchasers.

Similar
shifts have occurred in the past with travel bookings, medical advice, stock
trades and vehicle purchasing.

The pressure to reduce costs and provide greater
access to information is effectively squeezing the role of sales professionals.

Does this spell doom for health insurance brokers?

The health insurance exchanges will introduce a new channel for purchasing
individual coverage, one that circumvents brokers.

Web portals such as the
Massachusetts Connector or healthcare.gov foretell easy and transparent retail
channels, with greater efficiency and direct-to-consumer choices.

Fully
functioning versions could take purchasers right from the initial quote to the
benefit card.

As a result, many of the incremental insured lives that an
exchange generates are likely to elude brokers.

Brokers won't simply disappear, however, since the exchanges are primarily
intended for consumers who lack employer-sponsored coverage.

Employers will
still work through brokers to find coverage, particularly small- and
medium-sized employers.

Power and Associates 2010 Employer Health Insurance Plan
Study, 59% of employers shop for health insurance with a broker.

The study also
finds that employer satisfaction with health plans can vary depending on how
they work with their broker.

Once health insurance choices are in public view, brokers will need to do more
than simply know where to find policies.

Justifying their value will become a
greater challenge.

The path forward for brokers will require new models of
engagement that focus on customer service.

Findings of the Employer Health Insurance Plan Study help point the way to
success for health insurance brokers.

The study contrasts the esteem that
employers hold for their health plan, based on whether they used brokers merely
to shop for coverage or as an ongoing partner in their dealings with health
plans.

What are the different service models that brokers might apply, and which ones
will produce the kind of customer satisfaction that may be necessary for them to
stay in the picture?

Essentially, there are three ways that brokers work with
employers to find insurance: the shopper model, the full-service model and the
collaborative model.

* In the shopper model, the broker exits after connecting an employer to a
suitable health insurance carrier.

* The full-service model funnels all communications through the broker for the
full duration of the contract.

* The collaborative model consists of ongoing joint communications that engage
the broker, the employer and the health plan in a team approach.

How can brokers focus on service and best satisfy their clients who are seeking
affordable coverage?

It's not merely a question of finding the lowest costs.

When an employer shops with a broker, it can be the beginning of a relationship
that continues over the term of their contract, all the while also interacting
directly with their insurer.

Satisfaction declines when the broker exits after
the sale, as in the shopper model.

An employer appears more satisfied with its health plan when a broker becomes
integrated within communications that occur between them.

Rather than acting
like a gatekeeper, as in the full-service model, it may help the broker to
function more like a facilitator.

The broker's role is to assure open and
transparent dialogue, not simply to function as an agent of the health plan.

The collaborative model can be a demanding one for health insurance brokers,
since it requires them to continuously facilitate communication between insurers
and employers.

It also requires excellent customer service, which can include
issues such as speedy problem resolution or communication of account management
details.

To justify their continued role in the post-reform world, brokers will be
challenged to move beyond simply finding coverage for their clients to focusing
on how their clients' needs are fulfilled throughout the course of the
relationship between the purchaser and the insurer.

This kind of ongoing
communication requires more effort by the broker, but it also appears to be the
approach that best favors the broker's odds of survival.

Millard is senior director of the health care practice at J.D.

URL: http://www.eba.benefitnews.com/

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: EBA


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              212 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           September 5, 2009 Saturday
                              Correction Appended

Does your college student have health insurance?

;
Institutions of higher learning increasingly are requiring coverage.

A5

LENGTH: 530 words


Colleges and universities across the country increasingly are mandating that
students have health insurance, or either be dismissed or automatically enrolled
in a plan through registration.

Officials with those schools say that some form of monitoring or enforcement of
whether students have health insurance is needed for three main reasons:
Students are likely to become ill or injured while at school; it's the
philosophical responsibility of an educational institution to make certain
students don't jeopardize their education by missing classes as a result of not
seeing a doctor; and there's a growing concern about pandemic potential
illnesses, such as the H1N1, or swine flu.

According to a 2008 Government Accountability Office report, an estimated 1.7
million college students lack health insurance coverage.

Officials with the five area colleges and universities said another reason for
mandatory health plans is that the more students to enroll, the cheaper the
rate.

Plans among the local institutions range in offerings and costs, with the
average cost at $695.

For uninsured students who cannot afford a school's plan,
officials handle things on a caseby-case basis.

"We're not going to just kick them out," said Leatha Ross, Wright State director
of student health services.

At Central State, students are automatically entered into a health plan upon
enrollment, regardless of whether they're already insured.

"It's built right into the tuition fees," said Fran Robinson, university
spokeswoman.

"Students cannot opt out."

Wright State and the UD both require resident students to have health insurance,
but also permit those students to be covered under their parent's or employer's
plan.

At WSU, Ross said students may purchase a plan through the university, and
verification of coverage is checked quarterly.

UD students are expected to be on a health plan, but the university does not
require proof of health insurance, said Steven Mueller, UD assistant vice
president for health and wellness.

He said the school does, however, routinely
issue reminders to students to enroll in a plan.

And while commuter students are not required to be on a health plan, many sign
up, said Ross.

"It's relatively affordable, or some buy it to complement their existing plan,"
she said.

Things are slightly different at Wilberforce University, said Tijuana Hudson,
vice president of administrative and financial affairs.

Students there are automatically charged for the university's health insurance,
but also may obtain an outside plan, she said.

Only Kettering College of Medical Arts dismisses students who fail to obtain and
maintain health insurance, said Mindy Claggett, college spokeswoman.

"But, of course, it's because our students are in clinics, and they're exposed
to a lot," she said.

Kettering College of Medical Arts provides health insurance
referral information to students not under a plan.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: September 10, 2009 Thursday



CORRECTION: In the Friday, Sept. 4, online version and Saturday, Sept. 5,
edition, Page A5, an article should have stated that the University of Dayton
does not require its resident or commuter students to have health insurance.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.

                              213 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                       June 19, 2012 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Connecture's Sarah Rodehorst to Speak on Plan Management in Health Insurance
Exchanges

LENGTH: 547  words


New Delhi, June 19 -- Connecture, Inc., the leader in sales automation
technology for the health insurance industry, today announced that Sarah
Rodehorst, director of government health programs at Connecture, will speak at
America's Health Insurance Plans (AHIP) Institute 2012; held June 20-22, 2012 in
Salt Lake City.

More than 25 million Americans purchase their health insurance
through systems that utilize Connecture's Web-based health insurance
marketplace, service and administrative technologies.

Rodehorst's session "Health Insurance Exchanges: Plan Management and Qualified
Health Plan Certification" - Wednesday, June 20, 2012 at the Hilton Salt Lake
City Center from 7:45 a.m. to 8:45 a.m. MDT - will provide carriers with
insights they can use to address the unknowns now shaping the healthcare
landscape.

Attendees will also gain valuable insights needed to prepare for
participation in government health insurance exchanges (HIX) and realize
long-term success.

The session will be given as part of AHIP's Exchange
Conference.

A veteran of the insurance technology industry, Rodehorst has significant
experience working with the public and private-sector entities now creating the
nation's health insurance exchanges.

Connecture's StateAdvantage is a
comprehensive offering that encompasses the technologies and services required
for reliable, consumer-friendly HIX solutions.

In her session, Rodehorst will also draw on Connecture's keen understanding of
how carriers do business and its track record of providing the customized
infrastructure needed to effectively sell and administer the nation's most
successful health insurance plans.

More than half of the nation's 20 largest
health insurance carriers rely on Connecture.

"There is a vibrant discussion occurring throughout the federal government and
among the states to ensure the success of the exchanges now being created, but
it's imperative that carriers be equally well-informed of the steps they must
take," said Rodehorst.

"This session will provide attendees with a clear
understanding of what's required to get their plans certified, offered in health
insurance exchanges and ultimately purchased by consumers in a positive buying
experience."

Some of the key questions the session will address - attendees will gain
information they can use right now - include:

* What do I need to know about how plans will be managed on and certified by
exchanges?

* What standards must be addressed to ensure certification as a qualified health
plan?

* What does the implementation timeline for plan management and certification
look like, what steps must carriers take, and how might the timeline vary from
exchange to exchange?

* What are the most pressing challenges carriers face when it comes to plan
management and what can they do to overcome them?

* How can carriers ready their infrastructure for connectivity to health
insurance exchanges?

"In the coming days decisions will be made that will forever shape healthcare in
the United States," added Rodehorst.

"Regardless of what is decided, carriers
will need to effectively work and compete in exchanges."

Attendees at Institute 2012 are also invited to visit the Connecture booth -
booth #807 - in the Salt Lake City Convention Center's Center Hall, "E" exhibit
level.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2012 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                              214 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            December 11, 2011 Sunday

Peter Orszag: The coming shift to defined-contribution health insurance

BYLINE: By Peter Orszag

SECTION: OPINION; Columnists

LENGTH: 878 words


Over the next decade, we are likely to see a shift in health insurance in the
U.S.: So-called defined-contribution plans will gradually take over the market,
shifting the residual risk of incurring high health-care costs from employers to
workers.

The market today is dominated by "defined-benefit" plans, under which companies
determine a set of health-insurance benefits that are provided for employees.

These will gradually be replaced by defined-contribution plans, under which
companies pay a fixed amount, and employees use the money to buy or help pay for
insurance they choose themselves.

The fundamental driver of this shift is the effort by American businesses to
reduce their exposure to health-care costs.

But the recent health-care-reform
law may accelerate the shift.

The defined-contribution concept is already familiar to most American workers
through their retirement benefits.

Over the past two decades, company retirement
programs have moved decisively away from defined-benefit plans, in which workers
are paid a given amount of retirement income, and toward defined-contribution
401(k) plans, in which risks - from fluctuating financial markets, for example -
are borne by workers.

In 1985, a total of 89 of the Fortune 100 companies offered their new hires a
traditional defined-benefit pension plan, and just 10 of them offered only a
defined-contribution plan.

Today, only 13 of the Fortune 100 companies offer a
traditional defined-benefit plan, and 70 offer only a defined-contribution plan.

The movement toward defined-contribution plans for health insurance is, in some
ways, similar to the one that occurred for pensions, as Kenneth L. Sperling and
Oren M. Shapira explained in an article earlier this year.

The pension shift
occurred in a series of stages: First, the traditional defined-benefit plan was
redesigned.

Then a hybrid approach was introduced (the cash- balance plan).

Finally, defined-benefit plans were frozen.

The change in health insurance is already well under way in coverage for
retirees.

In the early 1990s, in response to accounting changes and rising
costs, companies began to re-evaluate retiree health plans, and some capped the
amount they were willing to pay at a multiple of existing costs.

Over time, as
those limits were reached, most companies declined to raise them, thereby
effectively creating defined-contribution retiree health-insurance plans, with
the company's contribution set by the cap.

Exchanges have been created to allow
retirees to use these employer contributions to purchase their own health
insurance.

For current workers, the precursor to a defined-contribution approach is the
"consumer-driven" health plan.

This typically has higher deductibles and
co-payments than a traditional plan has, and it is often tied to a health
savings account.

It typically still provides generous insurance for catastrophic
cases.

The share of workers enrolled in such plans remains quite low but is expanding
rapidly.

A recent survey of large companies found that, in 2012, almost
three-quarters will offer consumer-driven health-insurance plans.

The natural next step will be for employers to strictly limit their
health-insurance contributions to a set amount of money that workers could use
to buy insurance.

Companies will thus eliminate their exposure to unexpectedly
high health-care costs.

Some insurers are already anticipating the shift.

Bloom Health Corp. will begin
offering defined-contribution exchanges in 2012.

Bloom, based in Minneapolis,
describes itself as "a leader in the defined-contribution health benefits
marketplace," and says it is "committed to assisting employers of all sizes move
toward an employer-sponsored system that has effective cost predictability for
employers and increased choice and personalization for employees."

In September,
the company announced that Health Care Service Corp., Blue Cross Blue Shield of
Michigan and WellPoint Inc. had purchased a majority of its equity.

The inevitable transition to defined-contribution health insurance may get a
little push from the new health-care-reform law.

Indeed, the legislation may
have a larger impact on the type of health-insurance plan that employers offer
than on their decision about whether to drop health-care benefits altogether.

If most employers do retain their health plans, the state insurance exchanges
created under the new federal health-care law will make the basic idea of a
defined-contribution health plan more prevalent, and thus may speed its
adoption.

If defined-contribution plans that are sufficiently generous count as
employer-based coverage - as is generally expected - the trend toward such plans
will probably accelerate.

Whether this turns out to be a good thing will depend in no small part on
whether the defined-contribution model helps to constrain overall health-care
costs.

In any case, the bottom line is that a shift toward defined-contribution plans
seems likely.

I'd be willing to bet $1 that most large U.S. employer health-care
offerings in 2020 will be defined-contribution plans.

Peter Orszag is vice chairman of global banking at Citigroup Inc. and a former
director of the Office of Management and Budget in the Obama administration.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved

                              215 of 999 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                            WMI - Business Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data.

The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

August 3, 2017

                            Celtic Insurance Company

                                  77 W. Wacker
                               Chicago,  IL 60601
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

COMPANY OVERVIEW


   Celtic Insurance Company (Celtic), a subsidiary of Centene Corporation, is a
health insurance company.

The company offers a range of health insurance
products and services across the US catering to the requirements of individuals,
families, children and self employed.

Its portfolio of product includes
commercial individual health insurance, student health insurance, short term
medical insurance and guaranteed-issue medical conversion program.

It also
offers post-employment benefits through its conversion coverage program.

The
company offers online quote and claim management service through its website.

Celtic offers insurance products and services across the US excluding New York.

Celtic is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois, the US.

BUSINESS DESCRIPTION:



Celtic is a specialty health insurance company in the US.

It is a subsidiary of
Centene Corporation.

The company offers an array of health insurance products
covering a wide range of customers including individuals, families, children and
self employed.

Health insurance solutions offered by the company include low cost individual
health insurance products for people of different age group, family health
insurance products, children's health plans and insurance for self employed
people.

Individual health insurance plans offered by the company include economical
basic health coverage plan (Celtic Basic), comprehensive health plan (CeltiCare,
CeltiCare II and CeltiCare Preferred), health savings account (HAS) qualified
health plan (CelticSaver HSA), short term medical insurance (Celtic Short-Term)
and student health insurance (Celtic PostGrad).

Medical insurance products offered by the company include stand-alone
guarantee-issue medical conversion program to the self-funded employer groups,
stop-loss and fully-insured group carriers, managed care plans, and HMO
reinsurers across the 49 states in the US.

The company also offers services such
as locate a doctor or hospital wherein it contracts with Preferred Provider
Organizations (PPOs) to make use of their network of health care providers and
hospitals for its PPO health benefit plans.

Celtic markets, sells and distributes its insurance products online and through
its direct sales agents all over the country.

The company also offers online
quote and claim management service through its website.

It has the license to
operate in 49 states of US including Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Arizona,
California, Connecticut, Colorado, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Illinois,
Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Louisiana, Maryland, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri,
Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Mexico, Nevada, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma,
Pennsylvania, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia,
Washington D.C., West Virginia, Wisconsin and Wyoming.

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *








LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2017

                              216 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Crain's Cleveland Business

                                  May 24, 2010

HSA usage up in plans withhigh deductible

BYLINE: JERRY GEISEL

SECTION: NEWS; Pg.

0012

LENGTH: 275 words


Enrollment in health savings accounts linked to high-deductible health insurance
plans surged to 10 million people as of Jan. 1, a 25% increase in a year,
according to an annual census released last week.

HSA enrollment rose in all markets, according to the Washington-based America's
Health Insurance Plans.

The large-employer market registered the largest percentage gain.

Employers with
at least 51 employees had 5 million people in HSAs as of Jan. 1, an increase of
about 33% in the past year.

In the small-employer market - employers with up to 50 employees - HSA
enrollment increased to about 3 million people, up about 22%.

Meanwhile, the
individual market climbed to just more than 2 million people, a 12% rise.

HSAs, authorized under a 2003 law, became available on Jan. 1, 2004, and
enrollment has risen steadily since then.

America's Health Insurance Plans said
1 million people were enrolled in HSAs in March 2005, 3.2 million as of Jan. 1,
2006, 4.5 million in 2007, 6.1 million in 2008 and 8 million in 2009.

The key factor driving HSA growth is that premiums for high-deductible health
insurance plans, to which HSAs must be linked by law, tend to be lower than more
traditional health plans.

This year, the minimum deductible for single coverage through an HSA-linked
health plan is $1,200.

The minimum deductible for family coverage is $2,400.

The America's Health Insurance Plans census is based on 93 insurers and their
subsidiaries offering HSA-linked health insurance plans.

The organization said
it believes its census covers almost all people enrolled in plans linked to
HSAs.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: cl


                      Copyright 2010 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved

                              217 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           November 13, 2014 Thursday

Program seeks to educate, enroll uninsured

BYLINE: By Headlight Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1445 words


DEMING &GT;&GT; Mimbres Memorial Hospital seeks to educate and enroll uninsured
community members.

As part of the Affordable Care Act, most U.S. citizens were required to have
health insurance beginning in 2014.

Wondering why health insurance is so
important, we sat down with Steve Westenhofer, CEO of Mimbres Memorial Hospital
to find out.

DH &GT;&GT; What is health insurance?

WESTENHOFER &GT;&GT; Health insurance is a contract between you and an insurance
company.

When you buy a plan or policy, you pay a monthly fee and in return, the
company agrees to pay part of your medical expenses when you get sick or hurt.

DH: Why is it important that citizens have health insurance?

Westenhofer: While no one plans to get sick or hurt, most people need medical
care at some point.

Did you know the average cost of a three-day hospital stay
is $30,000?

Or that fixing a broken leg can cost up to $7,500?

Having health insurance helps protect you from unexpected costs like these.

Your
insurance policy will outline what types of care, treatments and services are
covered, including how much the insurance company will pay for different
treatments in different situations.

DH: Is having health insurance mandatory?

Westenhofer: Yes, with few exceptions, most U.S. citizens are required to have
health insurance under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, which was
signed into law in 2010.

Those who do not have minimum essential health coverage
like through an employer   and don't qualify for an exemption, will have to pay
a penalty fee if they don't get health insurance.

Westenhofer: If you can afford health insurance coverage in 2015, but don't sign
up, you will have to pay a penalty ($325 per adult, $162.40 per child   up to
$975 per family or 2% of income whichever is higher).

And without insurance,
you'll be financially responsible for all of your medical costs.

DH: Who is exempt from having to get health insurance?

Westenhofer: The list is long, but here are a few reasons why a person might be
exempt:

Coverage is unaffordable coverage (more than 8% of household income)

You are a member of federally recognized tribe

You are below tax filing threshold and not required to file taxes

You have been uninsured for less than three consecutive months during the year

DH: When can a person purchase health insurance?

Westenhofer: For the Health Insurance Marketplace, enrollment periods are only
for a specified time during the year.

You can only purchase insurance
outside of that time period if you have a qualifying life event, such as a
marriage, divorce, new baby, and change of income, to name a few.

You are considered covered if you have Medicare, Medicaid, CHIP, any job-based
plan, any plan you've purchased yourself, COBRA, retiree coverage, Tricare, VA
health coverage.

DH: How much does health insurance cost?

Westenhofer: Each plan varies in terms of overall cost and depends on the amount
of premium and deductible you choose.

The premium is the amount of money charged
for a certain amount of insurance coverage each year.

You may also have an
annual deductible.

This is the amount you must pay out of your pocket before the
insurance company will pay any expenses.

For example, let's say you have a plan with a $200 deductible.

You go to the
doctor and the total cost is $250.

You pay the first $200 to cover the
deductible, and then your insurance pays its share.

How much you pay for your
premium and deductible depends on the type of insurance you have and whether
you're purchasing individual or family coverage.

DH: What types of plans are there?

Westenhofer: There are four levels of qualified health plans on the Health
Insurance Marketplace: platinum, gold, silver, and bronze.

Each category has a
different monthly premium costs, as well as deductible.

There are a lot of
affordable options on the Health Insurance Marketplace and you can compare each
plan side by side so you can find the plan that meets you and/or your family's
needs.

DH: Is there any help available if you can't afford health insurance?

Westenhofer: The federal government can assist some individuals and families
with their premiums costs by providing subsidies to those who qualify based on
their income.

For example, if a family of four had an income of about $40,000 in 2014, they
may be eligible for subsidy assistance on premium costs that exceed 5 percent of
their income.

If that same family of four purchases a Silver plan that might
cost them around $9,400 per year, they could eligible to receive subsidy
assistance of up to almost $7,400; which means they would only be responsible
for about $2,000 of the insurance premium costs themselves.

DH: What if you have a preexisting condition like a previous cancer, a diabetes
diagnosis or are pregnant?

Westenhofer: You cannot be excluded from coverage for any preexisting condition.

And, equally important, parents can cover their children up to age 26 on their
insurance plan.

DH: What do I need to do if I enrolled last year and have coverage?

Westenhofer: The federal government has announced that for those consumers who
are already enrolled in a Marketplace plan in 2014, they will have an automatic
enrollment option to select the same health plan coverage in 2015.

Of course,
these individuals and families have the option to shop for other coverage
choices, as well.

The Marketplace enrollment tools spell out the steps consumers
will need to take for either the option to auto-enroll in the same health
insurance coverage, or to shop for other choices.

DH: What else does a health insurance cover?

Westenhofer: In addition to pre-existing conditions, all qualified health plans
must offer:

Ambulatory patient services

Hospitalization and emergency services

Maternity and newborn care

Mental Health and substance use disorder

Prescription drugs

Lab services

Preventive and wellness services

Chronic disease management

Pediatric services, including dental and vision care

Of course, you have to meet your deductible before insurance pays.

DH: I've also heard that qualified health plans cover preventive care services
at no charge.

Westenhofer: Yes, qualified plans cover many preventive care screenings, tests
and services such as vaccinations that can help adults and children stay
healthy.

And the best news is, they're free   no copays or deductibles.

Depending on your age, gender and other risk factors, your doctor may tell you
it's time for a mammogram, colonoscopy or other screening that can detect cancer
or disease in its earliest, most treatable stages.

Or, it may be time to screen
for high blood pressure or high cholesterol to give your doctor information that
can help prevent a stroke or heart attack.

For women, many preventive care screenings, tests and supplies that can help
with family planning and pregnancy are now covered, along with services such as
these:

Well-woman checkups

Contraceptives and birth control counseling

Screenings during pregnancy for a variety of conditions

Breastfeeding supplies, support and counseling

DH: Besides a health insurance plan on the Health Insurance Marketplace, what
other types of health insurance are available?

Westenhofer: Many families with limited income will qualify for Medicaid or
Children's Health Insurance Program, CHIP, and they can enroll any time of the
year.

Medicaid provides health coverage for some low-income people, families and
children, pregnant women, the elderly, and people with disabilities.

In some
states the program covers all low-income adults below a certain income level.

CHIP provides low-cost health coverage to children in families that earn too
much money to qualify for Medicaid.

In some states, CHIP covers parents and
pregnant women.

Each state offers CHIP coverage, and works closely with its
state Medicaid program.

DH: How can local, uninsured residents find help with enrollment?

Westenhofer: As a service to our community Mimbres Memorial Hospital can help
uninsured residents review coverage options on the Health Insurance Marketplace,
or determine eligibility for Medicaid.

We can also assist with re-enrollment or with special enrollment if someone has
had a life change, such as a marriage, divorce, job loss, etc.

All they need to do is schedule an appointment with one of our application
coordinators by calling 546-5890.

For more information, contact susie_nolte@chs.net or mail to: Susie Nolte, P.O.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Westenhofer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2014 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                              218 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 9, 2016 Friday

Deadline for Insurance Changes is Friday,

LENGTH: 415  words

DATELINE: New York



 New York: State University of New York Polytechnic Institute has issued the
following news release:



 The Option Transfer Period is the time of year when all employees eligible for
health insurance may make changes to their New York State Health Insurance
Program (NYSHIP) plan option for the 2017 plan year.

This includes changes
from:





      A NYSHIP HMO to The Empire Plan

     The Empire Plan to a NYSHIP HMO

     One NYSHIP HMO to another NYSHIP HMO

     A NYSHIP health plan to the Opt-Out Program

     The Opt-Out Program to a NYSHIP health plan



 The deadline for changing health insurance options is December 16, 2016.

To
change your health insurance option for 2017, you must complete a NYS Health
Insurance Transaction Form (attached).

This form is also available in the Human
Resources Office.

NEW - 2017 Health Insurance Bi-Weekly Rates



 The bi-weekly health insurance rates for 2017 have been announced and are as
follows:







 Salary Grade 9 and below;UUP employees with annualized salaries equal to
$41,756 or less      Salary Grade 10 and above; UUP employees with annualized
salaries greater than $41,756

 Plan     Individual     Family     Individual     Family

 The Empire Plan     $39.91     $175.53     $53.21     $208.92

 CDPHP HMO     $75.92     $218.90     $88.36     $251.26

 HMOBlue     $107.49     $328.05     $119.78     $360.05

 MVP Healthcare     $87.33     $202.12     $99.32     $233.14







 If you would like a copy of the Summary of Benefits and Coverage for the plans
listed above, please call 877-769-7447 to request a copy or visit the Employee
Benefits Division website at www.cs.ny.gov/ebd  and go to Current Topics to
print a copy.

Opt-Out Program for 2017



 In 2017, NYSHIP will continue to offer the Opt-Out Program, which allows
eligible employees who have other employer-sponsored group health insurance to
opt out of their NYSHIP coverage in exchange for an incentive payment.

The
incentive payment is $1,000 for opting out of individual coverage or $3,000 for
opting out of family coverage on an annual basis.

The incentive payments are
prorated and added to your bi-weekly paycheck as taxable income.

If you are interested in participating in the Opt-Out Program, you must
complete a NYS Health Insurance Transaction Form and an Opt-Out Attestation
Form.

These forms may also be obtained in the Human Resources Office.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              219 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 20, 2015 Friday

New York: New Student Health Insurance Plan and Policy Introduced

LENGTH: 824  words

DATELINE: Albany


Syracuse University, The State of New York has issued the following News
release:

In accordance with the federal Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of
2010 (ACA), Syracuse University will be offering a new student health insurance
plan as of Aug. 1.

The plan offering coincides with a revised University
policy--to be phased in over the next two years--requiring that all full-time
students carry some form of ACA-compliant health insurance.

The policy change brings Syracuse in line with policies already in place at
nearly every other private college and university in the United States.

The decision, based on the recommendations of the University's Student Health
Insurance Advisory Committee, is designed to ensure students have the health
coverage vital to their well-being and to meet the requirements of the new
health care reforms.

"Our current health insurance plan was unsustainable as it was," says Senior
Vice President and Dean of Student Affairs Rebecca Reed Kantrowitz.

"To provide
all students with access to an affordable, ACA-compliant plan, we needed to
assess different options to ensure no student was left underinsured and at risk
of jeopardizing their education or financial stability.

The advisory committee, which spent 18 months assessing the impact of health
care reform on the University's existing program and exploring student health
insurance options, recommended Syracuse adopt this higher education best
practice.

Doing so will ensure full-time students have adequate, ACA-compliant
health insurance during their time at Syracuse.

Under the ACA, students must
maintain health insurance or pay a penalty to the federal government.

While all students can access health care services through University Health
Services, Syracuse University has long encouraged students to maintain health
insurance coverage for medical emergencies and hospitalization.

Nevertheless, a
survey conducted by the University indicates that while the vast majority of
students already carry appropriate coverage, some students still come to campus
either uninsured or underinsured.

With this new policy, the University wants to
make sure that students are prepared for any medical situation and their
continued well-being and success while at Syracuse is the priority.

Starting August 1, the plan will be available to all students.

However in the
2015-16 academic year only full-time students new to the University--including
undergraduate, graduate and law, along with all full-time international students
and all graduate Fellows, will be affected by the requirement.

Those students
will be required to demonstrate proof of appropriate existing coverage prior to
registration for classes or adopt the student health insurance plan through
Aetna Student Health.

The premium for this improved plan is less than $2,000 a
year--a significant reduction from what's currently available through the
federal government's health exchange marketplace, as well as the University's
current plan, which is being discontinued.

Beginning in the fall of 2016, all full-time, matriculated students will be
required to demonstrate proof of appropriate health insurance coverage upon
registering for classes.

This can include insurance provided through a parent's
family plan, through an employer, health care exchange or other source.

Those
without qualifying coverage will be required to enroll in the University's
student health insurance plan.

Director of Health Services Ben Domingo, co-chair of the advisory committee,
says when uninsured or inadequately insured students face health concerns or
financial barriers to accessing health care services off campus, their ability
to pursue their education is greatly impacted.

"We all know the kind of stress a serious medical event can place on a student
and his or her family," Domingo says.

"We have an obligation to ensure our
students are healthy when they arrive on campus and that they continue to have
appropriate access to emergency care and specialty care when needed throughout
their years in Syracuse."

Karen Morrissey, executive director of Human Resources Operations and co-chair
of the advisory committee, says there have been students in the past who have
delayed seeking proper medical treatment because they did not have adequate
insurance coverage.

"Students' well-being is our top priority, and we want to be
sure no student is ever faced with a situation where he or she must assume an
added financial burden because of an unexpected medical event," Morrissey says.

To assist students with these changes and to provide more details on the new
student health insurance plan and proof of insurance requirement, informational
sessions are scheduled for Tuesday, April 14, from 6-7 p.m. and Wednesday, April
15, from 5:30-6:30 p.m. in Grant Auditorium.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              220 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                       May 3, 2017 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

The Average Four-Person Family will Spend Over $14,300 on Health Insurance
Premiums in 2017, According to eHealth Price Index Report

LENGTH: 828  words


May 3 -- eHealth, Inc. (NASDAQ:EHTH), which operates eHealth.com, the nation's
first and largest private online health insurance exchange, has released its
Health Insurance Price Index Report for the 2017 Open Enrollment Period.

The
report shows that monthly premiums for plans selected on eHealth.com by
unsubsidized shoppers averaged $378 for individuals and $997 for families of two
or more.

eHealth has now reported on costs and trends among unsubsidized health insurance
shoppers on its site through four consecutive nationwide open enrollment periods
following the implementation of the Affordable Care Act (ACA).

Highlights from
the 2017 report include the following:

* Individual premiums averaged $378 per month, an 18% increase since the 2016
open enrollment period.

Average premiums for individual health insurance plans
selected by eHealth shoppers have increased 39% since the 2014 open enrollment
period, when major provisions of the Affordable

Care Act first came into effect.

* Family premiums averaged $997 per month, a 20% increase since 2016.

Average
premiums for family plans have increased 49% since the 2014 open enrollment
period, when major provisions of the Affordable Care Act first came into effect.

* Deductibles averaged $4,449 for individuals and $8,232 for families.

Annual
deductibles for individual plans increased 2% compared to the 2016 open
enrollment period while deductibles for family plans increased 3%.

* For 2017, the average four-person family will spend more than $14,300 per year
on premiums.

The average monthly premium for a four-person family was $1,195 per
month, and the average annual deductible for a four-person family was $8,044.

* HMO-style plans now account for more than half of all plans selected by
shoppers.

The percentage of eHealth shoppers selecting HMO-style plans increased
from 39% for 2014 to 53% for 2017; meanwhile the number of shoppers selecting
PPO-style plans has decreased from 46% for 2014 to 22% for 2017.

* The popularity of silver plans increases.

Silver plans accounted for 33% of
all plans selected by eHealth shoppers for 2017 compared to 21% for 2014;
meanwhile, the percentage of bronze plans selected by shoppers has dropped from
47% in 2014 to 43% in 2017.

"Anyone who still needs proof that health insurance costs are out of control
should take a look at our 2017 Price Index Report," said eHealth CEO Scott
Flanders.

"Among unsubsidized eHealth shoppers, the average family of four will
spend more than $14,300 on premiums this year, and you can add another $8,000 if
medical issues require them to fulfill their annual deductible.

That comes to
more than $22,000 in total!

This is not affordable coverage by any rational
standard."

Mr Flanders continued: "Middle-income Americans who purchase coverage on their
own and do not qualify for subsidies under current law are straining under the
burden of costs like these.

At eHealth we hear from them every day, and we work
hard to match them with the best health plan available for their needs and
budget.

However, we continue to call on Congress and the President to take
meaningful actions to bring affordability and stability to the individual and
family health insurance market."

Findings from the current report are derived from an analysis of plans selected
by more than 38,000 individual and family health insurance shoppers at
eHealth.com during the 2017 open enrollment period (November 1, 2016 - January
31, 2017).

The full report is available for download and has been published at
the company's media center.

eHealth is one of the few organizations with national source health insurance
data that broadly reflects consumer buying patterns and purchase prices in the
self-purchased individual and family health insurance market.

eHealth's analysis
provides insights into the large segment of the individual and family health
insurance market that may not qualify for or elect to use government subsidies,
and that may shop for coverage through sources other than government exchanges.

Data presented in eHealth's report is based solely on rates quoted for health
insurance applications submitted by unsubsidized people through eHealth.com in
the specified time period and not through any government exchange.

Applications
submitted by eHealth shoppers who applied for government subsidies (premium tax
credits) were excluded from this analysis.

This report does not offer a comprehensive view of costs for all plans available
through eHealth, through the market as a whole, or through government exchanges.

Certain applications missing key data fields relevant for the analysis may have
been removed from the total sample.

Specific health insurance plan premiums,
deductibles, and other features may differ significantly from any averages or
other presented statistics.

For more information on the methods employed for the
collection and analysis of data, please refer to the methodology section at the
end of the report.

Source: eHealth

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2017 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                              221 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           October 31, 2007 Wednesday

Catamount Health Care Clinic

BYLINE: Bellows Falls Town Crier

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 238 words


Sojourns Community Health Clinic will offer a free informational session about
the Catamount Health Insurance Plan on Thursday, Nov. 15, at 7 p.m. A
representative from Windham County will present information about Catamount and
other state-run insurance products and premium assistance programs.

The Catamount Health Plan is a new health insurance plan designed to offer
comprehensive benefits with very low out-of-pocket co-pays and other expenses.

Financial assistance with the Catamount Health Plan is also available through
premium assistance to individuals and families.

Catamount Health is intended for half of the state's estimated 65,000 uninsured
who don't qualify for other state-subsidized health insurance plans.

This plan
is a part of the State of Vermont's initiative to develop several programs to
improve the affordability of health insurance so that all Vermonters may have
access to coverage.

Catamount Health policies will be offered by two private
insurance companies: Blue Cross Blue Shield of Vermont and MVP Health Plan.

Enrollment opened Oct. 1, with coverage expected to start Nov. 1.

Come learn more about the insurance options that are available to you through
the State of Vermont.

For more information about these events, please contact Diana Venman of Sojourns
at (802) 722-4023.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              222 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 18, 2017 Friday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Office of Personnel Management (District
of Columbia) Issues Solicitation for "Federal Employees Health Benefits Medical
Review Services"

LENGTH: 403  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Office of Personnel Management, Office of Procurement Operations
officer has issued requirement for "Federal Employees Health Benefits Medical
Review Services"

Solicitation No: OPM3517R0002

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: August 17, 2017

Description: Added: Jul 20, 2017 11:45 pm
The Office of Personnel Management's (OPM) Federal Employees Insurance
Operations (FEIO) group administers the Federal Employees Health Benefits (FEHB)
Program for Federal employees, retirees, temporary wildland firefighters and
fire protection personnel, employees of Federally recognized Indian tribes,
tribal organizations, and urban Indian organizations (tribal employer), and
their eligible family members.

FEIO is responsible for resolving disputed health
insurance claims between members and their health insurance carrier.

Two types
of health insurance plans participate in the FEHB Program, Fee-for-Service (FFS)
plans and Health Maintenance Organizations (HMO).

FEIO is comprised of three
Health Insurance Groups.

Health Insurance 1 administers the Blue Cross and Blue
Shield Service Benefit contract; Health Insurance 2 administers the remaining
FFS plan contracts and experience-rated HMO plan contracts; and Health Insurance
3 administers the community-rated HMO plan contracts.

Each health plan under the FEHB Program contracts with OPM to provide certain
health benefits to all members enrolled in its participating plan.

Under the
terms of the contract, members are entitled to pursue claims disputes by
following a formal dispute resolution process described in the plan's brochure.

After giving the plan the opportunity to reconsider its decision, members may
request OPM to review the plan's denial of benefits or benefit limitation.

OPM
is responsible for making the final determination on disputes between the health
benefit carrier and insured member per Title 5 U.S.C.

Chapter 89, 5 CFR Part
890.

In some cases, because of the complexity of the medical issue/condition
involved, it is necessary to obtain an external medical review advisory opinion
from a medical consultant before OPM makes a final decision on the claim.

Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 524

Contact Details: 1900 E Street, N.W., Room 1342 Washington, District of Columbia
20415-7710 United States

Point of Contact(s): Cheryl D Allen, Contracting Officer Cheryl.Allen@opm.gov
Phone: 202.606.2054 Fax: 202.606.1464


LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              223 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                             October 6, 2014 Monday

Walmart works with DirectHealth.com to introduce health insurance program

SECTION: ACCIDENT & HEALTHCARE; Business Expansions

LENGTH: 332 words



HIGHLIGHT: Recent research proves that more than 60% of people have difficulty
understanding their health insurance plan options and nearly 40% feel they
picked the wrong plan after enrollment.

To bring transparency and simplicity to the changing health insurance market,
Walmart is working with DirectHealth.com to launch Healthcare Begins Here, an
in-store program designed to educate customers on health insurance options.

DirectHealth.com, an online health insurance comparison site which is an
independent licensed health insurance agency, will provide a resource that
brings Walmart customers unprecedented access to health insurance information
and enrollment support.

DirectHealth.com also manages relationships with licensed insurance agents,
enabling customers to compare coverage options and enroll in the plan that is
right for them whether that be a Medicare plan or Public Healthcare Exchange
plan through online, phone and in-store services.

"Walmart has long been known for innovation in health and wellness, and we'll
never stop delivering new products and services to the 140 million people who
visit our stores each week," said Labeed Diab, senior vice president and
president, Health & Wellness, Walmart U.S.

Since 2005, Walmart has hosted insurance agents from individual insurers in
stores to answer questions and enroll customers in specific healthcare plans.

Healthcare Begins Here, through DirectHealth.com, takes this offering to the
next level in response to customers who wanted more options to choose from.

DirectHealth.com offers access to more than 1,700 plans from 12 leading carriers
including Aetna, Cigna, Humana, UnitedHealthcare and participating Blue Cross
and Blue Shield companies.

2,700 Walmart stores will be staffed by independent, licensed health insurance
agents from DirectHealth.com that can help customers enroll in certain health
insurance plans.

Agents can also help provide education and guidance on other
insurance options.

Enrollment can take place during the Medicare open enrollment period from Oct.
15, 2014 through Dec. 7, 2014.

DirectHealth.com offers access to thousands of Health Exchange plans from more
than 300 leading carriers.

LOAD-DATE: October 07, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              224 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                            August 19, 2014 Tuesday

Pay as you go  health insurance on the way to prevent people abandoning their
cover

SECTION: IRELAND

LENGTH: 481 words


GloHealth chief executive Jim Dowdall said  GloHealth Activate    which has two
different cash and two different hospital options   was the first  radical  plan
on offer in Ireland to tackle the  affordability issue  which has resulted in
tens of thousands of people dropping their health cover in recent years.

The
plans provide for cash back for scans, tests and other diagnoses, including
consultant visits and also grants access to GloHealth s 24-hour Nurse Line and
cash back for every night spent in hospital, from  33 per adult per month.

The
company said it would also allow customers to upgrade back-to-hospital cover
whenever they wanted.

The move comes amid growing concern over the huge number of people dropping
health cover for affordability reasons.

Almost 300,000 people have dropped their
health insurance since the end of 2008, with the most recent figures from the
Health Insurance Authority (HIA) showing that just over two million people were
insured with inpatient health insurance plans at the end of March this year
down 21,000 over the quarter and 47,000 over the course of a year.

Rising
premiums have been blamed for the exodus, and Health Minister Leo Varadkar has
already signalled that the Government s long-mooted universal health insurance
plan will not be in place by the intended 2019 deadline.

GloHealth said its new
Activate plans   available from September 1   would provide cover and allow
people to save money.

Under two plans, called Activate Cash and Activate More
Cash, customers can choose the cash plan based on how much they want to pay and
how much cash back they would like to receive for each benefit.

The Activate
Hospital plans also have two different components, Activate Hospital and
Activate More Hospital.

People can upgrade from the corresponding Activate Cash
plans at any time and GloHealth said it would reduce the upgrade waiting period
by two years for pre-existing conditions.

Those under the age of 65 can upgrade
back-to-hospital cover without any waiting period applying to the upgrade in
cover.

The price plans are graded from adult down to newborns.

The insurer
estimated that a family of two adults and two children could save  527.26 under
its Activate Cash plan over the course of a year, compared with a basic plan,
and that a similar family could save  676.64 with its Activate More Cash plan,
compared with the Better Choice Plan.

Jim Dowdall said the plans and pricing
structure could appeal to  tens of thousands of people   It will help stem the
tide of people who are falling out of the market and encourage others to come
back,  he said.

He also welcomed Mr Varadkar s recent remarks on universal
health insurance not being in place by the original 2019 deadline, stating that
companies needed to focus on the issues faced by families now rather than in
five years  time.

lFor more informationsee glohealth.ie.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              225 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            October 1, 2013, Tuesday

Answers to questions on health care plan;
As health exchange opens today, here are some explanations

BYLINE: Brandon Merritt

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg.

P4A

LENGTH: 666 words


Editor's note: The author is the son of the editorial page editor.

THE headlines and misinformation about Obamacare have left many people confused
about the law and what they have to do it comply with it.

To help clear the air, let's review some of the most common questions people
have about Obamacare.

Do I have to sign up for Obamacare?

While Obamacare did create an individual mandate that requires almost
everyone to have health insurance coverage, it did not create a single
government insurance plan nor does it require anyone to purchase a specific
plan.

Obamacare, aka the Affordable Care Act (ACA), expands Medicaid for low-income
working age adults and creates an online "Marketplace" where people can shop for
private health insurance plans.

If you choose not to have health insurance of
any type, you will be required to pay a penalty when you file your taxes.

I have health insurance through my job or my spouse, so what do I have to do?

If you are happy with your health insurance, then you don't have to do
anything.

If you are self-employed or your employer doesn't offer health
insurance, you qualify for coverage through the Marketplace.

If your income is
below 400 percent of the federal poverty level ($94,200 for a family of four)
you may also qualify for tax subsidies that reduce your monthly insurance costs.

What's the deal with Oct. 1?

October 1st is the day that "open enrollment" begins, meaning that the
Marketplace will officially be up and running so people can compare and purchase
a plan or enroll in Medicaid if income eligible.

Coverage for these plans begins Jan. 1, 2014, and enrollment will run through
March 31.

Do seniors with Medicare need to do anything?

No, seniors on Medicare already have health insurance.

In fact, it is illegal
for anyone to sell you a plan under Obamacare.

There have already been a number of scams targeting seniors, so if you suspect
someone is trying to scam you, call the W.Va. Insurance Commission hotline at
1-888-879-9842.

I want to keep my doctor, what if he/she doesn't accept Obamacare?

Plans purchased on the Marketplace are just like regular private plans and
doctors or clinics won't treat them any differently.

However, just like a typical private plan today, not all doctors will accept
every plan.

If being able to see a certain doctor is important to you, you will
be able to verify if they are "in-network" before you purchase your plan.

I'm a small business owner.

Will I have to offer health insurance to all of my
employees?

Any business with fewer than 50 full-time employees is not required to provide
health insurance for its employees.

However, you can use the Small Business
Health Options Program, or SHOP, to offer your employees coverage.

If you have less than 25 employees, you may qualify for significant business tax
credits if offering insurance through the SHOP Marketplace.

You can search a list of these people to assist by county online at
bewv.wvinsurance.gov and click "Where Can I Find Local Help?"

There is also a
national toll-free hotline at 1-800-318-2596.

In short, Obamacare is subsidized private insurance plans and expanded Medicaid
for low-income households.

The additional regulations protect consumers by ensuring that health insurers
offer plans that meet minimum requirements like primary care, prevent insurers
from charging you more due to gender or previous illnesses, and prohibit
insurers from setting annual or lifetime limits on the care you receive.

There will be many bumps along the way, just as there are with any large policy
change, but over time they will become smoother and the debate over Obamacare
will fade away as millions of Americans and hundreds of thousands of West
Virginians gain health insurance.

Brandon Merritt is health policy analyst for the W.Va. Center on Budget and
Policy.

Read his health care blog at www.wvpolicy.org.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Charleston Newspapers

                              226 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

BRIEF: State Farm agents in Texas, New Mexico to sell Blue Cross health
insurance plans

BYLINE: Vic Kolenc, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 167 words


Sept. 24--EL PASO -- State Farm Insurance agents in Texas, New Mexico, and three
other states will sell Blue Cross and Blue Shield health insurance plans under
an alliance formed by the companies, the companies announced Tuesday.

Blue Cross Blue Shield will offer multiple health insurance plans via more than
3,300 State Farm agents and their licensed associates beginning Nov. 15, the
companies reported.

Besides Texas and New Mexico, the plans will also be sold by State Farm agents
in Oklahoma, Montana, and Illinois.

State Farm agents will market health insurance plans both on and off the
Affordable Care Act health insurance exchanges, the companies reported.

Through
exchanges, eligible consumers can get financial help to pay for insurance.

The
agents will sell the health plans through Insurance Placement Services Inc., a
State Farm subsidiary.

___ (c)2014 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140924-EY-BRF-State-Farm-agents-in-Texas-New-Mexico-to-sell-Blue-Cross-
health-insurance-plans-0924-20140924

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2014 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)

                              227 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Anniston Star (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 20, 2012 Thursday

Calhoun County employees to pay more for their health insurance

BYLINE: Laura Johnson, The Anniston Star, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 515 words


Sept. 20--Calhoun County employees' insurance premiums will increase 4.5 percent
next month because the dollar value of insurance claims rose by nearly a third
last year, reflecting the additional cost of the care employees sought, county
officials say.

The increase will add up to $10 per month for employees on the county's family
plan and $4.68 for employees on individual plans.

It's the first rate increase
since 2008, when rates increased by 1.5 percent, said Brian Conary, an employee
who chairs the Calhoun County Insurance Committee.

Calhoun County has been able to hold down the cost of premiums for several years
but is increasing them now to make up for the increasing cost of claims, Conary
said.

Between June 2011 and May 2012 Calhoun County employees' claims totaled $1.6
million.

During the same time period the year before, they totaled $1.2 million.

The difference was enough for the county's Insurance Committee to raise premiums
for the next fiscal year, Conary said.

According to Conary and Calhoun County Adminstrator Ken Joiner, the insurance
claims rose sharply, in part, due to claims filed for four county employees.

Those claims, the men said, totaled about $300,000.

Some employees have already received verbal notification of the price increase
and all county employees will receive written notification of the increase with
their next paycheck, county officials said.

Calhoun County subscribes to a self-insurance plan, supplying health insurance
with funds it receives from employees.

That is different from fully insured
plans in which employers outsource health insurance coverage to a health
insurance company.

Employers who offer self-insurance plans are typically able to provide lower
premiums to employees and have more control over how the plan is administered
than do major insurance companies, said Michael O'Malley, executive director of
the Alabama Association of Health Plans.

Even with the increase, the county employees' insurance plans are lower than the
national average.

According to the Kaiser Family Foundation, the average cost of
a family health insurance plan in America is $15,745.

The cost for a family health insurance plan for a Calhoun County employee is
$7,111.44.

"They're getting a heck of a deal," O'Malley said.

"Everybody's rates are going
up."

According to the Kaiser Family Foundation, health insurance premium costs have
nearly doubled in the past decade.

In 2002 the average cost of an insurance plan
for a single worker would have been $3,083.

The average cost of insurance for a family plan was $8,003 ten years ago.

County employees pay 40 percent of the annual cost, while the county pays 60
percent of the annual cost of its health insurance plans.

Star staff writer Laura Johnson: 256-235-3544.

___ (c)2012 The Anniston Star (Anniston, Ala.) Visit The Anniston Star
(Anniston, Ala.) at www.annistonstar.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120920-AO-Calhoun-County-employees-to-pay-more-for-their-
health-insurance-0920-20120920

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AO


                        Copyright 2012 The Anniston Star

                              228 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 17, 2014 Monday

New Mexico: Hospital seeks to educate, enroll uninsured

LENGTH: 1442  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


City of Deming has issued the following news release:

DEMING >> As part of the Affordable Care Act, most U.S. citizens were required
to have health insurance beginning in 2014.

Wondering why health insurance is
so important, the Headlight sat down with Steve Westenhofer, CEO of Mimbres
Memorial Hospital to find out.

DH: What is health insurance?

Westenhofer: Health insurance is a contract between you and an insurance
company.

When you buy a plan or policy, you pay a monthly fee and in return, the
company agrees to pay part of your medical expenses when you get sick or hurt.

DH: Why is it important that citizens have health insurance?

Westenhofer: While no one plans to get sick or hurt, most people need medical
care at some point.

Did you know the average cost of a three-day hospital stay
is $30,000?

Or that fixing a broken leg can cost up to $7,500?

Having health
insurance helps protect you from unexpected costs like these.

Your insurance
policy will outline what types of care, treatments and services are covered,
including how much the insurance company will pay for different treatments in
different situations.

DH: Is having health insurance mandatory?

Westenhofer: Yes, with few exceptions, most U.S. citizens are required to have
health insurance under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, which was
signed into law in 2010.

Those who do not have minimum essential health coverage
- like through an employer - and don't qualify for an exemption, will have to
pay a penalty fee if they don't get health insurance.

Westenhofer: If you can afford health insurance coverage in 2015, but don't sign
up, you will have to pay a penalty ($325 per adult, $162.40 per child -- up to
$975 per family or 2 percent of income whichever is higher).

And without
insurance, you'll be financially responsible for all of your medical costs.

DH: Who is exempt from having to get health insurance?

Westenhofer: The list is long, but here are a few reasons why a person might be
exempt:

o Coverage is unaffordable coverage (more than 8 percent of household income)

o You are a member of federally recognized tribe

o You are below tax filing threshold and not required to file taxes

o You have been uninsured for less than three consecutive months during the year

DH: When can a person purchase health insurance?

Westenhofer: For the Health Insurance Marketplace, enrollment periods are only
for a specified time during the year.

You can only purchase insurance
outside of that time period if you have a qualifying life event, such as a
marriage, divorce, new baby, and change of income, to name a few.

You are considered covered if you have Medicare, Medicaid, CHIP, any job-based
plan, any plan you've purchased yourself, COBRA, retiree coverage, Tricare, VA
health coverage.

DH: How much does health insurance cost?

Westenhofer: Each plan varies in terms of overall cost and depends on the amount
of premium and deductible you choose.

The premium is the amount of money charged
for a certain amount of insurance coverage each year.

You may also have an
annual deductible.

This is the amount you must pay out of your pocket before the
insurance company will pay any expenses.

For example, let's say you have a plan
with a $200 deductible.

You go to the doctor and the total cost is $250.

You pay
the first $200 to cover the deductible, and then your insurance pays its share.

How much you pay for your premium and deductible depends on the type of
insurance you have and whether you're purchasing individual or family coverage.

DH: What types of plans are there?

Westenhofer: There are four levels of qualified health plans on the Health
Insurance Marketplace: platinum, gold, silver, and bronze.

Each category has a
different monthly premium costs, as well as deductible.

There are a lot of
affordable options on the Health Insurance Marketplace and you can compare each
plan side by side so you can find the plan that meets you and/or your family's
needs.

DH: Is there any help available if you can't afford health insurance?

Westenhofer: The federal government can assist some individuals and families
with their premiums costs by providing subsidies to those who qualify based on
their income.

For example, if a family of four had an income of about $40,000 in
2014, they may be eligible for subsidy assistance on premium costs that exceed 5
percent of their income.

If that same family of four purchases a Silver plan
that might cost them around $9,400 per year, they could eligible to receive
subsidy assistance of up to almost $7,400; which means they would only be
responsible for about $2,000 of the insurance premium costs themselves.

DH: What if you have a preexisting condition like a previous cancer, a diabetes
diagnosis or are pregnant?

Westenhofer: You cannot be excluded from coverage for any preexisting condition.

And, equally important, parents can cover their children up to age 26 on their
insurance plan.

DH: What do I need to do if I enrolled last year and have coverage?

Westenhofer: The federal government has announced that for those consumers who
are already enrolled in a Marketplace plan in 2014, they will have an automatic
enrollment option to select the same health plan coverage in 2015.

Of course,
these individuals and families have the option to shop for other coverage
choices, as well.

The Marketplace enrollment tools spell out the steps consumers
will need to take for either the option to auto-enroll in the same health
insurance coverage, or to shop for other choices.

DH: What else does a health insurance cover?

Westenhofer: In addition to pre-existing conditions, all qualified health plans
must offer:

o Ambulatory patient services

o Hospitalization and emergency services

o Maternity and newborn care

o Mental Health and substance use disorder

o Prescription drugs

o Lab services

o Preventive and wellness services

o Chronic disease management

o Pediatric services, including dental and vision care

Of course, you have to meet your deductible before insurance pays.

DH: I've also heard that qualified health plans cover preventive care services
at no charge.

Westenhofer: Yes, qualified plans cover many preventive care screenings, tests
and services such as vaccinations that can help adults and children stay
healthy.

And the best news is, they're free -- no copays or deductibles.

Depending on your age, gender and other risk factors, your doctor may tell you
it's time for a mammogram, colonoscopy or other screening that can detect cancer
or disease in its earliest, most treatable stages.

Or, it may be time to screen
for high blood pressure or high cholesterol to give your doctor information that
can help prevent a stroke or heart attack.

For women, many preventive care screenings, tests and supplies that can help
with family planning and pregnancy are now covered, along with services such as
these:

o Well-woman checkups

o Contraceptives and birth control counseling

o Screenings during pregnancy for a variety of conditions

o Breastfeeding supplies, support and counseling

DH: Besides a health insurance plan on the Health Insurance Marketplace, what
other types of health insurance are available?

Westenhofer: Many families with limited income will qualify for Medicaid or
Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP) and they can enroll any time of the
year.

Medicaid provides health coverage for some low-income people, families and
children, pregnant women, the elderly, and people with disabilities.

In some
states the program covers all low-income adults below a certain income level.

CHIP provides low-cost health coverage to children in families that earn too
much money to qualify for Medicaid.

In some states, CHIP covers parents and
pregnant women.

Each state offers CHIP coverage, and works closely with its
state Medicaid program.

DH: How can local, uninsured residents find help with enrollment?

Westenhofer: As a service to our community Mimbres Memorial Hospital can help
uninsured residents review coverage options on the Health Insurance Marketplace,
or determine eligibility for Medicaid.

We can also assist with re-enrollment or
with special enrollment if someone has had a life change, such as a marriage,
divorce, job loss, etc.

All they need to do is schedule an appointment with one of our application
coordinators by calling 546-5890.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              229 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 13, 2009 Friday

Geisinger Health Plan offering health insurance program for uninsured children

BYLINE: Denise Allabaugh, The Citizens' Voice, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 420 words


Nov. 13--KINGSTON -- Amid a tough economy, and with more people losing medical
benefits, another health insurance option is now available for children, and it
is free for those who qualify.

Geisinger Health Plan has begun offering health insurance through the federally
funded and state-funded Children's Health Insurance Program in 40 counties in
Pennsylvania.

Children who do not have health insurance through other avenues
are eligible for CHIP.

In one month, nearly 400 children have enrolled in Geisinger Health Plan, the
newest of 10 health care plans across the state that cover children enrolled in
CHIP, said Kristen Wolf, outreach and marketing division chief for CHIP and
AdultBasic, at a press conference Thursday at Little People Day Care Center in
Kingston.

Other insurance companies which offer coverage for children enrolled in CHIP
include Aetna, AmeriChoice, Capital Blue Cross, Health Partners, Highmark,
Independence Blue Cross, Blue Cross of Northeastern Pennsvania, Unison and UPMC
Health Plan, Ms. Wolf said.

According to the state Insurance Department, 196,112 children were enrolled in
CHIP statewide as of October, including 4,214 in Luzerne County, 2,809 in
Lackawanna County and 395 in Wyoming County.

"We expect 20,000 to 30,000 more children to come on board with us this year,"
Ms. Wolf said.

CHIP covers children up to age 19.

A family of four who makes less than $50,000
a year can qualify for CHIP.

CHIP covers doctor visits, immunizations, routine checkups, emergency and
hospital care, prescriptions, dental, eye care and hearing services.

"All are very important services that need to be made available to ensure that
children of this state are healthy," said Jean Haynes, president and chief
executive officer of Geisinger Health Plan.

About 60 percent of CHIP is funded through federal dollars and 40 percent by a
tax on cigarettes in the state.

For more information about applying for CHIP, visit www.chipcover spakids.com or
www.chip.thehealth plan.com or call 866-621-5235.

Contact the writer: dallabaugh@citizensvoice.com

To see more of The Citizens' Voice or to subscribe to the newspaper, visit
http://www.citizensvoice.com/.

For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091113-YC-Geisinger-Health-Plan-offering-health-insurance
-program-for-uninsured-children-1113

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YC


                                 Copyright 2009

                              230 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 31, 2013 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

Health insurers join exchanges

BYLINE: Sarah Kliff

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg.

A09

LENGTH: 725 words


One of the first tests of President Obama's health-care overhaul is whether
enough companies sign up to create competition and deliver lower prices on
government-run insurance marketplaces.

On Thursday, the administration said more than 120 health-care plans had applied
to sell in the 19 state insurance exchanges that the government will run.

The White House claimed victory, arguing that the turnout ensures there will be
robust competition to hold down costs.

Health-policy experts were more cautious, though, in characterizing insurers'
enthusiasm to sell on these new marketplaces and what it would mean for the
price of health insurance.

"I would characterize it as modest plan competition," Caroline Pearson, vice
president for health reform at Avalere Health, said.

"In most markets, there
seems to be a bit more choice than what's available in the market today.

But
we're certainly not seeing a wild influx of plans into the market."

Starting in October, each state will have a new insurance marketplace - an
Expedia-like Web site where residents can comparison-shop for health-insurance
plans.

Low- and middle-income Americans may qualify for a tax credit to cover a
portion of their premiums.

Seventeen states are running their own health-insurance exchanges.

The federal
government has a role in administering the rest, either in partnership with a
state or completely overseeing the task.

The White House analyzed data from the 19 states where the federal government is
administering the health-insurance exchange.

It also included information from
states running their own marketplaces that have shared data on the level of
competition they expect, such as California, Maryland and Washington.

Using that information, the White House estimated that "90 percent of target
enrollees will have five or more different insurance company choices."

"The marketplace is attracting new insurance choices and increasing competition
for consumers, especially in states where it is really needed," administration
officials wrote.

The federal government is also in the process of reviewing health insurers'
applications to run multi-state plans that would, in 2014, sell insurance plans
in at least 31 states.

By 2017, those insurers would need to offer coverage in
all 50 states.

Whether these new options will drive down premium costs remains to be seen.

The
White House readily admits that what matters isn't only how many plans there are
in a state but also how effectively they compete with one another to bring down
costs and increase quality.

Right now, it's not unusual for one health-insurance plan to cover the majority
of an individual market's buyers even when there are dozens of smaller health
plans in the same market.

Seventeen states have health-insurance carriers that
cover more than two-thirds of the individual insurance market, according to data
from the Kaiser Family Foundation.

"It's not an easy market to enter," Larry Levitt, vice president at the Kaiser
Family Foundation, said.

"You need to have to have a lot of systems in place to
be an insurance company, like a provider network, and be able to compete against
a known brand."

The new health-insurance exchanges, Levitt said, will help smaller insurers gain
market share by displaying all insurance plans side by side, sorted by the cost
of monthly premiums.

"It definitely makes it easier for a small plan to compete," he said.

In California, for example, four of the 13 plans selling on the exchange are new
entrants to the insurance market.

Large health-insurance plans, meanwhile, have been relatively cautious in
participating in the new marketplaces.

Aetna has told investors that it expects
to compete in about 15 state health-insurance exchanges.

UnitedHealth, the
country's largest health carrier, intends to sell plans in 10 to 25 new markets.

"A lot of people are worried," said Robert Laszewski, a former insurance
executive who now consults with health plans.

"There's concern that, if this is
an administrative mess, only the sick people will crawl across your door, and
the healthy people won't show up."

Some small health-insurance plans appear ready to sit out the new marketplace.

In New Hampshire, a state that has four health insurers selling in its
individual market, just one has expressed interest in selling on the state
health exchange.

sarah.kliff@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved

                              231 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                           September 28, 2008 Sunday

Health care: Candidates agree on problem, not solutions

BYLINE: By David Pevear, dpevear@lowellsun.com

SECTION: TODAY'S HEADLINES; Pres.

Then try not to think about health-care reform.

This is another painfully
complex issue not likely to make you feel any better.

About the only thing John McCain and Barack Obama agree on is that more
Americans need better access to affordable health care.

The two presidential
candidates approach health-care reform from opposite directions -- and there is
no telling how many taxpayer billions each candidate's plan might cost.

The most dramatic component of McCain's plan is the elimination of the favorable
tax treatment for employer-based health plans.

The government would tax
contributions to employer-based plans and then offer refundable tax credits (up
to $2,500 individuals, up to $5,000 families) to allow all Americans to purchase
private plans.

Obama, on the other hand, wants to mandate that employers provide insurance for
their employees -- or else pay a tax to help fund public programs for the
uninsured.

The Obama plan draws heavily from the Massachusetts health care
reform law of 2006, a plan which is still too early along to appraise
adequately, most experts say.

"Very different plans, very different objectives," says A. James Lee, a UMass
Lowell associate professor who specializes in health-care economics, in sizing
up the candidates' plans.

"Barack Obama is focused on extending health insurance
to those who are currently uninsured.

John McCain is more focused on
restructuring the health-insurance marketplace ... and it's less clear whether
or not his plan will significantly address the lack of insurance coverage."

"If you were starting from scratch, McCain's would probably be the best
approach," says Merrill Matthews, director of the Council For Affordable Health
Insurance, a research and advocacy association of insurance carriers in
Alexandria, Va.

"But, my goodness, (McCain's plan) creates so many upheavals in the current
system," Matthews adds.

But it would just be a very high hill to
get over, especially with a Democratic Congress."

Says Lee, "The system needs upheaval."

Under the McCain plan "most uninsured Americans would probably remain
uninsured," according to Jonathan Oberlander, in the Aug. 21 issue of the New
England Journal of Medicine.

Oberlander, an associate professor of social
medicine and of health policy and administration at the University of North
Carolina-Chapel Hill, wrote also "the Obama plan would substantially expand
access to insurance, (but) it lacks reliable cost-control mechanisms and a
viable financing source."

The Obama campaign estimates his reform package would cost $50 billion to $65
billion annually.

The McCain plan is less specific about costs, relying on cost
containment and increased competition within the health-insurance industry to
drive down costs.

Matthews says Obama's plan is "conceivably workable," though does little to
address the greater issue of containing spiraling health-care costs.

As Matthews sees it, the biggest flaw in Obama's plan as proposed is the lack of
a mandate requiring individuals to purchase health insurance.

"If nobody is going to be denied insurance based on medical condition, you've
got to make sure everybody is in the system," he says.

The insurance pool otherwise will be too small to make plans with reasonable
deductibles affordable, Matthews feels.

Healthy people can delay purchasing
health insurance until needing it, which Matthews likens to "waiting until your
house burns down to buy home insurance."

Forty-seven million Americans are without health insurance.

In growing numbers
even those Americans with health insurance cannot afford their rising medical
bills, according to two non-partisan studies released on Wednesday.

A report by the Center for Studying Health System Change reported more than 57
million Americans experienced problems paying medical bills in 2007.

A report by
the Kaiser Family Foundation indicated employer-sponsored health insurance now
costs $12,680 annually for a family plan, with employees on average paying
$3,354 of that cost -- often for plans requiring far higher out-of-pocket costs
than previously.

Premiums have more than doubled since 1999.

The common thread Lee sees in both candidates' plans is an eventual shifting
away from employer-based insurance plans.

"John McCain would eliminate the tax
exemption, which means the bias toward acquiring health insurance through
employers would be eliminated," says Lee.

"With the Barack Obama plan ... the
(public-plan) alternatives that would be created could be sufficiently
attractive, as far as the funding structure, that employers would discontinue
offering health insurance."

Neither candidate adequately addresses the issue of health care's enormous cost
and its growing strain on our economy, says Lee.

Along these lines is the question of what to do about Medicare, about which, it
seems, the less said, the politically better for all concerned.

Robert Carroll,
an economist for the nonpartisan Tax Foundation in Washington, D.C., echoes
common fears about Medicare decades down the road spinning into a financial
wreck rivaling the current bailouts in the financial markets.

The nearly $500
billion annual bill for Medicare already exceeds what the plan that covers
Americans 65-and-over receives in taxes, and the baby-boomer tidal wave is about
to hit.

Most of what the candidates say about Medicare "is fluff," says Matthews.

"I
would argue their discussions on Medicare are what they say about it when they
really don't want to say anything."

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              232 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                           September 28, 2008 Sunday

HEALTH CARE Candidates agree on problem, not solutions

BYLINE: By David Pevear, dpevear@lowellsun.com

SECTION: TODAY'S HEADLINES; Pres.

Then try not to think about health-care reform.

This is another painfully
complex issue not likely to make you feel any better.

About the only thing John McCain and Barack Obama agree on is that more
Americans need better access to affordable health care.

The two presidential
candidates approach health-care reform from opposite directions -- and there is
no telling how many taxpayer billions each candidate's plan might cost.

The most dramatic component of McCain's plan is the elimination of the favorable
tax treatment for employer-based health plans.

The government would tax
contributions to employer-based plans and then offer refundable tax credits (up
to $2,500 individuals, up to $5,000 families) to allow all Americans to purchase
private plans.

Obama, on the other hand, wants to mandate that employers provide insurance for
their employees -- or else pay a tax to help fund public programs for the
uninsured.

The Obama plan draws heavily from the Massachusetts health care
reform law of 2006, a plan which is still too early along to appraise
adequately, most experts say.

"Very different plans, very different objectives," says A. James Lee, a UMass
Lowell associate professor who specializes in health-care economics, in sizing
up the candidates' plans.

"Barack Obama is focused on extending health insurance
to those who are currently uninsured.

John McCain is more focused on
restructuring the health-insurance marketplace ... and it's less clear whether
or not his plan will significantly address the lack of insurance coverage."

"If you were starting from scratch, McCain's would probably be the best
approach," says Merrill Matthews, director of the Council For Affordable Health
Insurance, a research and advocacy association of insurance carriers in
Alexandria, Va.

"But, my goodness, (McCain's plan) creates so many upheavals in the current
system," Matthews adds.

But it would just be a very high hill to
get over, especially with a Democratic Congress."

Says Lee, "The system needs upheaval."

Under the McCain plan "most uninsured Americans would probably remain
uninsured," according to Jonathan Oberlander, in the Aug. 21 issue of the New
England Journal of Medicine.

Oberlander, an associate professor of social
medicine and of health policy and administration at the University of North
Carolina-Chapel Hill, wrote also "the Obama plan would substantially expand
access to insurance, (but) it lacks reliable cost-control mechanisms and a
viable financing source."

The Obama campaign estimates his reform package would cost $50 billion to $65
billion annually.

The McCain plan is less specific about costs, relying on cost
containment and increased competition within the health-insurance industry to
drive down costs.

Matthews says Obama's plan is "conceivably workable," though does little to
address the greater issue of containing spiraling health-care costs.

As Matthews sees it, the biggest flaw in Obama's plan as proposed is the lack of
a mandate requiring individuals to purchase health insurance.

"If nobody is going to be denied insurance based on medical condition, you've
got to make sure everybody is in the system," he says.

The insurance pool otherwise will be too small to make plans with reasonable
deductibles affordable, Matthews feels.

Healthy people can delay purchasing
health insurance until needing it, which Matthews likens to "waiting until your
house burns down to buy home insurance."

Forty-seven million Americans are without health insurance.

In growing numbers
even those Americans with health insurance cannot afford their rising medical
bills, according to two non-partisan studies released on Wednesday.

A report by the Center for Studying Health System Change reported more than 57
million Americans experienced problems paying medical bills in 2007.

A report by
the Kaiser Family Foundation indicated employer-sponsored health insurance now
costs $12,680 annually for a family plan, with employees on average paying
$3,354 of that cost -- often for plans requiring far higher out-of-pocket costs
than previously.

Premiums have more than doubled since 1999.

The common thread Lee sees in both candidates' plans is an eventual shifting
away from employer-based insurance plans.

"John McCain would eliminate the tax
exemption, which means the bias toward acquiring health insurance through
employers would be eliminated," says Lee.

"With the Barack Obama plan ... the
(public-plan) alternatives that would be created could be sufficiently
attractive, as far as the funding structure, that employers would discontinue
offering health insurance."

Neither candidate adequately addresses the issue of health care's enormous cost
and its growing strain on our economy, says Lee.

Along these lines is the question of what to do about Medicare, about which, it
seems, the less said, the politically better for all concerned.

Robert Carroll,
an economist for the nonpartisan Tax Foundation in Washington, D.C., echoes
common fears about Medicare decades down the road spinning into a financial
wreck rivaling the current bailouts in the financial markets.

The nearly $500
billion annual bill for Medicare already exceeds what the plan that covers
Americans 65-and-over receives in taxes, and the baby-boomer tidal wave is about
to hit.

Most of what the candidates say about Medicare "is fluff," says Matthews.

"I
would argue their discussions on Medicare are what they say about it when they
really don't want to say anything."

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              233 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                      October 1, 2013 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Land of Lincoln Health: Illinois' Only CO-OP Health Insurance Company Launches
on the State's New Health Insurance Marketplace

LENGTH: 482  words


New Delhi, Oct. 1 -- Land of Lincoln Health, the first and only consumer
operated and oriented health insurance plan (CO-OP) in Illinois, is offering 35
health insurance plans on the State of Illinois' health insurance marketplace,
Get Covered Illinois.

Land of Lincoln Health is a non-profit health insurance
company with the primary focus of improving services for its members.

Land of Lincoln Health was developed through the nation's Affordable Care Act
with a $160 million loan from the federal government.

As a non-profit entity
governed solely by the people it insures, any extra revenue is put back into the
system to provide better benefits and more affordable premiums.

The main goal of Land of Lincoln Health is to connect people with the right
doctors and hospitals.

Its network includes some of the highest-rated physicians
and hospitals across the state, and plans include out-of-state coverage for its
members.

Additionally, Land of Lincoln Health's plans were developed with total
cost in mind, considering not just the monthly cost to the member but the cost
of the yearly deductible, and other out of pocket costs.

"We used feedback from Illinois residents to inform the design of our plans,
making them clear, simple and affordable," said Daniel Yunker, CEO of Land of
Lincoln Health.

"We have a wide network of physicians and hospitals and a focus
on helping people understand, purchase and use their health insurance coverage.

We are Illinois' health insurance provider for the people, by the people."

In an effort to make health insurance more understandable, Land of Lincoln
Health partnered with Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine and
Emory University to help improve and simplify the quality of health insurance
information.

"In general, our health care system is confusing, but there are few things that
are more poorly understood than health insurance," said Michael Wolf, director
of the Health Literacy and Learning Program and a Professor of Medicine at
Feinberg.

"We partnered with Land of Lincoln Health to make it easier for its
members to access and use the many health care services to which they are
entitled to through their health insurance."

To help people understand the new regulations of the Affordable Care Act and
their options for health insurance, Land of Lincoln Health is offering "Reserve
Your Spot," a free, no-obligation program that connects them with a health
insurance enrollment specialist.

"Today marks a pivotal turning point in the history of health care in that
people now have more choices for their health insurance coverage," said Melinda
Kelly, executive director at Chatham Business Association Small Business
Development Inc., and Land of Lincoln Health board member.

"It is good for
Illinois residents and businesses to have a new and different health insurance
provider that is driven by what is best for their members."

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                              234 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                            November 2, 2008 Sunday
                                   1 Edition

Highlights of the health plans

BYLINE: By DENA BUNIS The Orange County Register

SECTION: NEWS; Pg.

Special4_A

LENGTH: 445 words


Highlights of the health plans

Overall approach

McCain believes in a free-market strategy designed to increase a person's choice
of health plans and break the tie between work and health insurance.

Obama wants to maintain the current structure in which the majority of people
get their health insurance through their employer and the rest of the population
could buy into a government-organized health program.

How plans would work

McCain would:

*Have no mandate on people to have health insurance and no requirement for
employers to provide insurance.

*Eliminate tax breaks that employers get for providing health care.

*Tax health benefits as income for first time.

*Provide a $2,500 individual and $5,000 refundable tax credit that people could
use to pay their health care taxes.

*Assume employers would continue to either provide health insurance or increase
wages so workers could buy their own.

*Eliminate state regulation of health insurance and allow people to cross state
lines to buy any insurance plan they want.

*Establish government access plan for the uninsurable.

*Have no requirement that pre-existing conditions be covered.

Obama would:

*Mandate that children have health insurance.

*Require large companies to either provide health insurance for workers or pay a
percentage of payroll into a public plan.

*Exempt small businesses from insurance requirement.

*Provide up to 50 percent premium subsidy for small businesses.

*Expand Medicaid for very low-income people.

*Create a "national plan" for small businesses and people without
employer-provided insurance.

*Maintain state insurance regulation and require plans to cover pre-existing
conditions.

*Continue tax break for businesses that provide health insurance.

What the plans would cost

That depends whom you ask.

The nonpartisan Tax Policy Center, which both
campaigns has said is a credible analyst, estimates that McCain's plan would
cost the government $1.3 trillion over 10 years and the Obama plan $1.6
trillion.

The Lewin Group, a consulting firm well respected for its health analyses, says
McCain's plan would cost $2.05 trillion over a decade and Obama's would cost
$1.17 trillion.

How the plans would be paid for

Neither candidate has offered many specifics here.

Both say in general they can
make health care more efficient through better electronic management of medical
records and other improvements in the system.

McCain would rely most on the market aspects of his plan to drive down costs
once insurers have to compete for consumers who are shopping around for the best
plan.

Obama says he would use money saved by allowing the Bush tax cuts on those with
incomes over $250,000 a year to lapse.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2008 The Orange County Register (California)
                              All Rights Reserved

                              235 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel

                                   April 2006
                               Northeast Edition

Challenges To In-House Counsel From Benefit Plans: Practical Considerations

BYLINE: Robert H. LouisSaul Ewing LLP.

Robert H. (Bob) Louis is a Partner in and Co-Chair of Saul Ewing's Personal
Wealth, Estates and Trusts Department.

In his practice, Mr. Louis works on
various aspects of the process of acquiring, preserving and passing on the
wealth of individual clients and their businesses.

He specializes in areas such
as executive compensation, retirement plans, employee benefits, and tax and
estate planning for these kinds of benefits.

4

LENGTH: 1942 words



HIGHLIGHT: Please email the author at rlouis@saul.com with questions about this
article.

The world of employee benefit plans is full of challenges and opportunities for
in-house counsel.

There are several reasons, both of "macro" and "micro" types,
for this situation:

Employee benefits of certain categories are expected: health insurance at least;
perhaps also, life and disability insurance.

But health insurance in particular
has become a significant and growing expense to businesses.

Retirement plans are valuable to employees at many levels of a business.

ERISA,
the federal law relating to retirement plans, is amended on a regular basis, and
proposals for further amendments are made almost weekly.

As members of the baby
boom generation approach the age of retirement, there will be more pressure on
employers to increase retirement income.

There are also questions about
appropriate costs associated with retirement plans.

Nonqualified deferred compensation has recently undergone a dramatic change.

This category of employee benefits comes in many forms, from stock appreciation
rights to various forms of incentive compensation.

Until recently, there was
little regulation and much discretion in the design of these programs.

Now, a
new world of federal regulations has begun.

Let's examine each of these categories in turn, to see what specific challenges
have been addressed recently and, if not fully met, how counsel have dealt with
them.

Health, Disability And Life Insurance

Of these three benefits, health insurance will be the most expensive and subject
to the greatest change.

The cost of such insurance has risen dramatically in the
past few years, and it appears that increases will continue.

Most employers believe that they must continue to offer health insurance in some
form, since a national health insurance is unlikely in the next few years, and
the option of forcing employees to use governmental assistance programs is
distasteful to most employers.

Some employers have responded to these increases
by "asking" employees to make a contribution to the cost of such coverage.

That
contribution might be in the form of payment of a share of the monthly premium.

Another method of dealing with cost is to add or increase co-pays and
deductibles.

Apparently, asking employees to pay a sort
of usage fee reduces the use of health insurance and can hold down insurance
cost increases.

Employers usually have the option of changing co-pays and
deductibles each year, and of asking their carrier or their health insurance
consultant the effect of such changes on the premium cost.

Co-pays and
deductibles can encourage employees to be careful consumers of health benefits,
but there is a risk of employees not getting health care that they really need,
and a risk of creating bad feelings.

Clearly some judgment and "packaging" is
needed to achieve the best result.

The use of health insurance consultants, as
compared to dealing directly with insurers, often makes the process of choosing
a health plan provider and the terms of the plan more effective.

The process of
choosing health insurance providers and options has become too complicated for
individual employers to make the necessary choices without third party guidance.

Whatever choice is made with respect to health insurance cannot be considered a
"final" choice.

A review of health insurance arrangements will be necessary each
year.

Competitive changes in the market, as new providers enter and existing
providers adjust to competitive pressures, will change the cost structure of
health insurance.

Other changes will occur.

Many employers will opt for some form of
self-insurance.

For most employers, this will be new territory.

They are
accustomed to receiving a notice from their health insurers stating what health
insurance will cost on a fully-insured basis.

With a self-insurance program,
employers assume part of the risk of health insurance.

By assuming that risk in
a carefully planned way, employers might be able to realize substantial savings
over a fully-insured plan.

Many employers have already begun to explore the
benefits of self-insurance, especially those with large numbers of employees.

The challenge to smaller employers will be to determine if self-insurance can be
used with a smaller group of employees, such as 500-1,000.

One of the key
factors in making such a decision will be past experience in health insurance
claims.

It will be vitally important that employers obtain access to claims
experience.

Not every health insurer has been willing to release such
information to smaller groups, perhaps for competitive reasons, and it is here
that employers must be insistent.

Another method of financing health insurance costs has been suggested recently:
the use of pre-funding through third party financial sources.

An employer may
pay several years of health insurance costs in advance, by borrowing the
necessary funds.

Only if it reduced costs, of
course.

How would such a financing reduce costs?

First, because the insurer
received all of its charges up front and had a guarantee that the employer would
stay with it for some period of time, such as three years, it would be likely to
reduce its costs.

Second, the consultants involved in this type of financing
claim greater knowledge of health insurance economics and, consequently, a
greater ability to understand what health insurers might give up in exchange for
certainty.

This type of financing has been used in the past by public employers
and is now being offered to private employers.

This is merely one technique
being suggested as a means of controlling the almost uncontrollable rise in
health insurance costs.

More techniques are undoubtedly to come, and it will be
the task of counsel to ensure that employers are aware of all they can do to
control cost and risk.

Retirement Plan Issues

In a similar way, the world of retirement plans is undergoing a dramatic change:

There is increasing discussion of the need to save more for retirement, and
employees will be looking to employers to help them achieve that goal.

In recent
years, the "standard" type of plan has been the 401(k), but there is a limit to
how much can be saved through a 401(k) plan.

In earlier years, many employers
sponsored defined benefit pension plans, which, at least for older employees,
could result in a greater accumulation of benefits than was possible in defined
contribution plans, such as 401(k) plans.

But defined benefit plans can develop
large unfunded liabilities, which in recent years have begun migrating to the
liabilities section of the employer's balance sheet, as a result of changes in
accounting standards.

More recently, a shift has begun from defined benefit
pension plans to cash balance plans.

Despite some uncertainty as to whether
these plans violated age discrimination laws, they now seem well established and
capable of assisting employers in controlling future costs.

Much attention has been devoted in recent times to investments in retirement
plans.

The recent financial inquiries into costs in the insurance and securities
industries are spreading to retirement plan assets, and litigation is sure to
follow.

What does it cost to invest in retirement plan assets and to administer
retirement plans?

This inquiry has been generally overlooked, with the result
that financial professionals and administrators have sometimes been compensated
far beyond the value of their services.

If so, plan participants are not being
treated fairly, and have a right to complain.

The basis of this problem is the
revenue sharing that is paid for mutual funds and others.

In effect, revenue is
paid to someone because the plan's assets are invested in the mutual funds.

The
revenue is being "earned" by the participants' contributions, but they often do
not enjoy any portion of these revenues.

The appropriate inquiry for in-house counsel is what services are being provided
to the retirement plan, what they should reasonably cost, and what service
providers are earning.

As with health insurance, this inquiry generally
cannot be made without expert assistance but, with expert assistance, counsel
can ensure that participants in retirement plans are getting the greatest
benefits from their contributions and can avoid claims that employers have
failed to carry out their responsibilities for stewardship of retirement plans.

Nonqualified Deferred Compensation

Deferred compensation can include any arrangement by which a right to
compensation payments is earned at one period but paid in another.

Retirement
plans are a form of deferred compensation under that inclusive definition.

Nonqualified deferred compensation refers to arrangements that do not satisfy
the detailed rules of the Internal Revenue Code for qualified status, from which
follows the various tax benefits of qualified retirement plans.

For many years,
nonqualified deferred compensation was subject to very little regulation.

A wide
range of types of nonqualified deferred compensation had developed, including
stock appreciation rights, phantom stock plans, supplemental executive
retirement plans, 401(k) mirror plans, management incentive plans and many
others.

Nonqualified deferred compensation plans could be tailored to specific
circumstances and could cover select groups of employees, which made up for the
loss of some of the favorable tax consequences of qualified plans.

This form of benefit planning changed substantially with the enactment of new
Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code, as part of the American Jobs Creation
Act in 2004.

That new law put significant restrictions on the form that
nonqualified deferred compensation might take.

Limitations were placed on:

when compensation could be deferred

when distributions of deferred compensation could be made

when acceleration of payment was permissible

when further deferral of payment was permissible

certain types of funding techniques

In addition, and of some significance, the providers of deferred compensation
plans will now have to report the amount deferred on Form W-2, even if that
amount is not currently taxable.

For the first time, the Internal Revenue
Service will have information about how much income that would otherwise be
taxable is being deferred.

Many practitioners believe that collecting that
information is a step toward further regulation and limitations on deferred
compensation.

First, they
need to acquire some basic knowledge of the changes.

Armed with that knowledge,
and with the assistance of outside counsel, they should gather information about
the variety of nonqualified deferred compensation plans currently in effect.

This fact-gathering process might identify issues unrelated to the new law, such
as a failure to have adequate documentation and records of such plans.

In
addition, this inquiry will identify potential problems of compliance with the
new law.

Following that, counsel can participate in the decision how to revise
such plans.

Overall, a new level of awareness will be required, and an ongoing
discussion as to the proper management of nonqualified deferred compensation
plans.

The world of employee benefits is one of the most diverse and fast-changing
areas of business management.

Achieving the best results for employers requires
much attention and outside assistance, but doing so can have significant
financial benefits to employers and employees.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 Metropolitan Corporate Counsel
                              All Rights Reserved

                              236 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                    January 28, 2004 Wednesday Home Edition

No-frills health coverage a prudent alternative for many

BYLINE: MERRILL MATTHEWS JR.

15A; EQUAL TIME

LENGTH: 321 words


When the legislative session opens, you can always find swarms of special
interests hovering around state legislators urging them to require health
insurers and health plans to cover their particular specialty, product or
disease.

Health insurance mandates are one of the primary reasons why health insurance
premiums are growing so fast.

The total number of mandates nationwide has swollen over the past 40 years from
zero to more than 1,500 today.

According to the Council for Affordable Health
Insurance's tabulation, Georgia has 37 mandates.

While mandates make health insurance more comprehensive, they also make it more
expensive because insurers are required to pay for care consumers previously
funded out of their own pockets.

In some markets, mandated benefits have
increased the cost of individual health insurance by as much as 45 percent.

It's like saying to someone in the market for a new car: if you can't afford a
Cadillac loaded with options, you walk.

It's nice to have a fully loaded
Cadillac, just as it is nice to have a health insurance policy that covers
anything a person wants or needs.

But people who can't afford the Cadillac have
lots of other affordable options.

When they can't afford a health insurance
policy, they go uninsured.

What states should do is allow mandate-free policies as Arkansas, Colorado,
Florida, Montana, North Dakota and Utah have done.

The Billings Gazette reports
that New West Health Services will offer a bare bones health insurance plan in
Montana that will save 75 percent over conventional health insurance plans.

Let those who want and can afford policies loaded with mandates have them; but
give those who can't access to basic, mandate-free policies, and Georgia will
take a good first step in ensuring its residents have access to affordable
health insurance.

Merrill Matthews Jr. is director of the Council for Affordable Health Insurance.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Column

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              237 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                    January 28, 2004 Wednesday Home Edition

EQUAL TIME: No-frills health coverage a prudent alternative for many

BYLINE: MERRILL MATTHEWS JR.

15A

LENGTH: 321 words


When the legislative session opens, you can always find swarms of special
interests hovering around state legislators urging them to require health
insurers and health plans to cover their particular specialty, product or
disease.

Health insurance mandates are one of the primary reasons why health insurance
premiums are growing so fast.

The total number of mandates nationwide has swollen over the past 40 years from
zero to more than 1,500 today.

According to the Council for Affordable Health
Insurance's tabulation, Georgia has 37 mandates.

While mandates make health insurance more comprehensive, they also make it more
expensive because insurers are required to pay for care consumers previously
funded out of their own pockets.

In some markets, mandated benefits have
increased the cost of individual health insurance by as much as 45 percent.

It's like saying to someone in the market for a new car: if you can't afford a
Cadillac loaded with options, you walk.

It's nice to have a fully loaded
Cadillac, just as it is nice to have a health insurance policy that covers
anything a person wants or needs.

But people who can't afford the Cadillac have
lots of other affordable options.

When they can't afford a health insurance
policy, they go uninsured.

What states should do is allow mandate-free policies as Arkansas, Colorado,
Florida, Montana, North Dakota and Utah have done.

The Billings Gazette reports
that New West Health Services will offer a bare bones health insurance plan in
Montana that will save 75 percent over conventional health insurance plans.

Let those who want and can afford policies loaded with mandates have them; but
give those who can't access to basic, mandate-free policies, and Georgia will
take a good first step in ensuring its residents have access to affordable
health insurance.

Merrill Matthews Jr. is director of the Council for Affordable Health Insurance.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Column

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              238 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             The Malta Independent

                                  May 6, 2016

Health insurance plans by Citadel Insurance for those who find health insurance
cost-prohibitive

LENGTH: 517  words


Citadel Insurance plc.

has strengthened its insurance offering to include
private medical insurance, formerly offered through its subsidiary, as part of
its product range.

The full spectrum of products provided comprise of motor,
home, travel, marine, business, health and life.

The health plans, for adults,
children and companies offer a bespoke package of benefits designed to provide
care exactly when customers need it most.

The health insurance products, underwritten by Citadel Insurance plc.

are for
those who can be particularly vulnerable to the financial impact of illness, but
who typically find health insurance cost-prohibitive.

The plans leave customers
entirely free to choose the specialist, hospital or clinic of their choice.

The
Core, Comfort, Complete and Child Plans are designed to cover the cost of
private medical treatment.

Customers can select the level of benefits as well as
include cover for outpatients treatment and preventive check-ups.

Citadel Insurance Managing Director Angela Tabone said: "Health insurance is
increasingly sought after by organisations as part of their employee benefits
package; so we have created group plans that help to positively manage the
health of a workforce in a practical and affordable way.

Of course the plans are
also available to those individuals or families who do not enjoy the benefit of
company paid health insurance.

Plan holders enjoy the comfort of receiving
immediate private medical treatment at private clinics or hospitals.

In
addition, we also offer flexible payment options, making it easier for customers
to spread their costs."

A health advice line is available to customers through Citadel's Health
Insurance Department during office hours.

This provides daily access to advice
and support from Citadel staff on procedures for making claims and to verify the
extent of cover.

When abroad, customers may also get in touch with an affiliated
international company for assistance in case of a claim.

Ms. Tabone added: "A growing proportion of the public opt for private medical
insurance for the comfort in knowing that medical treatment is available when
required.

These plans are all about regaining good health without delay, without
having to worry about treatments which could sometimes go beyond individuals'
financial means.

Also in the works is a new plan intended for young families and
single parents, which we will be launching shortly to complement Core, Comfort,
Complete, Child and Group."

The entire health insurance range is currently being distributed through
Citadel's wide network of branches and intermediaries throughout Malta and Gozo.

For more information about these plans and to benefit from the current free
gift* offered with each policy purchased, visit one of Citadel's branches in
Naxxar, [#x126]a[#x17c]-[#x17b]ebbu[#x121], Mosta, Gzira, San Gwann, Paola,
[#x17b]ejtun, Gozo; Citadel Insurance plc's Head Office at Floriana; log on
www.citadelplc.com or call on Freephone 8007 2322.

Download the Mobile app for
rapid access to information.

2013 Standard Publications Ltd.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/542/1594/55/146256644982.jpeg



LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1594


                    Copyright 2016 Standard Publications Ltd
               Provided by Syndigate.info,an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved

                              239 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                             July 9, 2015 Thursday

Affiliated Workers Association launches new accident and short term medical
insurance plans

SECTION: ACCIDENT & HEALTHCARE; Business Expansions

LENGTH: 242 words



HIGHLIGHT: Affiliated Workers Association (AWA), through its exclusive
third-party administrator Homeland HealthCare, announced the launch of two new
insurance plans including an accident plan and guaranteed issue short term
medical plan.

The accident plan, called Protect Now, is underwritten by A-rated carrier XL
Catlin.

Three plan levels are available that provide accident protection that
pays cash benefits for covered accident expenses.

In addition to accident protection, the plan includes an added critical illness
benefit.

This plan is a great complement to an existing health plan, as it helps
pay for expenses while deductibles are being met.

The new short term medical plan, called Health Assure, is a guaranteed issue
(GI) plan underwritten by National Health Insurance Company.

This new GI short term medical plan does not require health questions to
qualify, making it the perfect solution for individuals who need temporary
health insurance.

Health Assure is available in term lengths of 6 and 11 months,
depending on the plan selected with a variety of deductible options.

Both the accident and GI short term medical plans include non-insured benefits,
such as 24/7 telemedicine services and a discount prescription program.

"AWA is excited to launch these two new supplemental insurance plans," said Neil
Peterson, AWA President.

"Both plans further extend the insurance options
available to our members, which is important with the changes that continue to
take place with the new health care law."

Other supplemental plans also available through AWA include gap, dental and
vision insurance through top-rated carriers with years of experience in the
insurance industry.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              240 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  The Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 18, 2013 Monday

City School health-insurance debate continues without action

BYLINE: Ashleigh Livingston, The Press-Republican, Plattsburgh, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1067 words


Nov. 18--PLATTSBURGH -- The Plattsburgh City School Board took no action
regarding employee health insurance at its recent meeting despite a lengthy
discussion on the topic.

The notion of unilaterally switching the district's Teachers Association and
Civil Service Employees Association members from Plan A to the less costly Plan
B coverage without negotiations has been publicly debated by board members for
the past several months.

Multiple taxpayers spoke during the meeting's public-comment periods,
encouraging the board to make a unilateral move.

"It's wrong, it's arrogant, it's fiscally irresponsible not to move to Plan B,"
Plattsburgh Resident Ken Baker told the board.

The district's current health-insurance plan, he noted, "just can't be sustained
by this over-taxed community."

"This change does not affect any instructional programs," added fellow resident
Jane Barber.

"It's in the best interest of all taxpayers, including those who
have retired many years ago ... who are on fixed incomes."

Last month, City School Superintendent James "Jake" Short told the
Press-Republican switching active teachers to Plan B would save the City School
District $443,494 a year, while switching active CSEA members would save
$137,049 annually.

If retired teachers were moved to the alternative plan, he said at the time, the
district would save $387,199 each year; moving retired CSEA members would reduce
annual costs by $87,199.

However, other attendees of the recent meeting, including retired teacher and
former Plattsburgh Teachers Association President Rod Sherman, spoke out against
a unilateral switch.

The pressure on both the board and the unions to accept Plan B is unfair to both
parties, Sherman said.

Plan B is offered by the Clinton-Essex-Warren-Washington
Schools Health Insurance Consortium, to which the City School belongs.

"This mess is a result of a majority of (the consortium's) Board of Directors
failure to listen to the insured and make modifications to Plan B that would be
of benefit to both the districts and the unions," he said.

Sherman noted that he and City School Superintendent James "Jake" Short recently
attended an informational meeting of state health-insurance consortiums in
Castleton, N.Y., where they spoke with a consultant from Segal Consulting.

"In phone conversations with that consultant, he believes, given the data, he
can put together a different plan, which is different than Plan A and Plan B ...
and it cost less than Plan B," he said.

"Now if you impose something tonight, I
would tell you that working together and trying to come up with that plan will
probably be out the window."

Plattsburgh resident Barbara Adams also spoke at the well-attended gathering,
telling the board not to align with the teachers on this issue because doing so
is not in the best interest of the community as a whole.

"This board, in my opinion, is here to represent the taxpayers and the
students," she said.

"The teachers have the strongest union in the whole state
to support them and their needs."

Though it has been stated in the past that a change in health-insurance would
have to be negotiated, Krieg said, that is simply not the case, as the unions'
contracts stipulate their health-insurance must be at least equivalent to the
Blue Cross Blue Shield Statewide Plan.

"Our consultant on health insurance has told us that Plan B is not only
equivalent to the statewide plan, he's told us it's better," he said.

In addition, Krieg noted, it seems a move to the alternative plan is inevitable,
as the rising cost of Plan A has made it unsustainable.

Why give up something to get to Plan B?

Why not make the change now, while we can save the district some money?

That
money could mean the difference between cutting programs and preserving them,"
he said.

"We're hitting the end of the money tree, and we
have to start cutting back."

And regardless of whether the switch is made unilaterally or in negotiations, he
noted, "the responsible decision in this case is to move forward to Plan B."

Board members Clayton Morris, Robert Hall and Amelia Goerlitz, however,
indicated they would not vote in favor of unilateral action.

Taking money away from employees without involving them in the process, Morris
said, is not right.

"We need to work together," he said.

In addition, Morris noted, "we should be trying to get out of this consortium
and get into a different health plan."

While Board President Leisa Boise, Vice President Tracy Rotz and member Dr.
David Stone were not present at the gathering, board member Fred Wachtmeister,
who, in recent months has publicly opposed a unilateral switch in favor of
negotiations, stood by his position.

For some people in the community, he told meeting attendees, taxes are a burden.

"For many other people, however, they're not a burden unless, of course, there
is a desire to use their discretionary dollars for other expenditures besides
the support of education," Wachtmeister said.

He added that he believes a large number of Plattsburgh residents do have
discretionary income, and the question is whether they wish to spend it on
public education and district employees' benefits, which are used in and flow
back into the local community.

"It's not basically poor people that feel a burden of taxes," Wachtmeister said.

"It's people who have the higher incomes, whose homes are assessed at a higher
value, that pay more in school taxes."

Though the meeting's agenda indicated a motion from the floor was anticipated
with regards to making a unilateral change, no such action was taken.

Just before the close of the session, Plattsburgh Teachers Association President
Mary Lou LaRocque-Megarr thanked the board for its trust in the union
negotiation process.

"I think that speaks well of our collaboration that the Teachers Association and
the district has had for many many years," she said.

Her union, LaRocque-Megarr said, will be starting negotiations with the district
next month.

Email Ashleigh Livingston:alivingston@pressrepublican.com

___ (c)2013 the Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, N.Y.) Visit the Press-Republican
(Plattsburgh, N.Y.) at pressrepublican.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131118-ZI-City-School-health-insurance
-debate-continues-without-action-1118-20131118

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZI


                      Copyright 2013 The Press-Republican

                              241 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            November 14, 2005 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

HEALTH INSURANCE: A FADING BENEFIT;
BECAUSE HEALTH-CARE COVERAGE IS SO EXPENSIVE, MORE AND MORE WISCONSIN WORKERS
ARE LOSING EMPLOYER-PAID INSURANCE.

A1

LENGTH: 865 words


When Don Bussan faced decreasing revenue at his bowling alleys and increasing
health insurance rates for his employees, he took a painful step.

He dropped the health coverage this month, forcing about 30 workers to seek
insurance on their own.

"It got to the point where it was so expensive, we just couldn't provide it,"
said Bussan, owner of Bowl-A-Vard Lanes in Madison, Prairie Lanes in Sun Prairie
and Ten Pin Alley in Fitchburg.

Many businesses and their employees are being priced out of the insurance
market, experts say.

A recent Wisconsin Association of Health Plans analysis found that for the first
time more people now rely on taxpayer-funded health plans such as Medicaid than
on commercial insurance.

About 1.5 million people in the state carried commercial insurance last year,
according to the Office of the Commissioner of Insurance.

More than 1.6 million
were on government-run programs: Medicaid, Medicare, BadgerCare and the Health
Insurance Risk Sharing Plan.

An additional 2.1 million people in the state last year had private health
insurance that is "self-funded" by their workplace.

That means the employer
takes on the financial risk instead of the insurance company, as is the case
with commercial insurance.

Many larger employers are self-funded, with smaller businesses tending to buy
commercial insurance.

But even major employers such as Wal-Mart and Aurora Health Care each have more
than 1,200 employees in the state on public insurance programs, according to a
recent report by Wisconsin Citizen Action.

And another recent study released by the Economic Policy Institute said 355,000
Wisconsin residents lost employer-provided coverage over the past four years, a
6.5 percent decline in employer-provided coverage that trailed only Missouri,
North Carolina and Maryland.

"At wit's end" "Wisconsin's small-business owners and employees are at wit's end
when it comes to accessing affordable health insurance," Bill G. Smith, state
director of the National Federation of Independent Business, said in a
statement.

Commercial insurers say they can't cut premiums because of state fees and
coverage requirements.

Some state requirements for coverage, such as chiropractic care and certain
mental health services, affect only commercial plans, said Phil Dougherty,
deputy director of the Wisconsin Association of Health Plans, which represents
the state's health maintenance organizations or HMOs.

Also, he said, commercial plans are required to pay 20 percent of the cost of
HIRSP, a government plan for people who aren't eligible for coverage in the
private market, often because they have costly medical conditions.

And as commercial insurance ranks dwindle, fewer carriers have to pay more to
cover increasing costs, creating a vicious circle that makes coverage even more
expensive and forces more people to drop it, Dougherty said.

"You have increasing costs
borne by a shrinking population."

The HMO group is pushing for reforms to the HIRSP program, such as requiring
greater use of generic drugs, that would lower costs, Dougherty said.

Though
just 18,000 people are in the program, it cost the commercial insurers $39
million this year, he said.

But commercial health plans shouldn't complain about how much they have to
contribute to HIRSP, said Bobby Peterson, executive director of ABC for Health,
a public interest law firm that helps people obtain health insurance.

Many
high-risk people are in the costly program because they have been turned down by
commercial plans, he said.

"They're written out of (the commercial) plans because they have pre-existing
medical conditions," he said.

"Of course it's going to be expensive."

Cost-shifting

Peterson said it's unfair to blame the rise in commercial insurance rates solely
on the increasing public health insurance loads.

Administration costs and other
factors also drive up rates, he said.

Commercial and self-funded private insurance plans are both affected by
"cost-shifting," said Cheryl DeMars, marketing director of The Alliance, a
health-care purchasing cooperative in Madison composed of companies that provide
self-funded insurance.

Cost-shifting occurs when doctors and hospitals charge more to people on private
plans to compensate for payments that are sometimes lower from public plans.

At Bowl-A-Vard Lanes, near East Towne Mall, workers know how expensive health
insurance can be.

Colleen Sumenek, 33, worked part-time at the bowling alley and full-time at
Sports Authority until the sports store closed this year.

After she lost that
job, she went full-time as league coordinator at the bowling alley.

While at Sports Authority, Sumenek paid $50 a month for health insurance for
herself and her 15-year-old son.

Now, she's paying $220 for an insurance plan
that doesn't cover as much, which she purchased on her own.

"But you've got to have insurance."

Bussan, who blames Madison's new smoking ban for some of the downturn in his
business, said he hopes to provide health insurance again if business picks up.

"I'm a strong believer of trying to help employees in any way we can," he said.

"But I also have to worry about the bottom line."

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: John Maniaci - State Journal Don Bussan, owner of three bowling alleys
in the Madison area, said he was forced to drop health insurance for his
employees because of a dip in revenue and rising insurance rates.

Bussan has had to drop health insurance coverage
for his employees.

He said he hopes to provide health insurance again if
business picks up.

Leah L. Jones - State Journal Colleen Sumenek, league
coordinator at Bowl-A-Vard Lanes in Madison, pays $220 a month for health
insurance that she bought on her own for herself and her son.

State Journal
graphic Changing health insurance in Wisconsin Sources: Wisconsin Association of
Health Plans; Wisconsin Office of the Commissioner of Insurance; Wisconsin
Department of Health and Family Services; U.S. Centers for Medicare and Medicaid
Services.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Madison Newspapers, Inc.

                              242 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Corsicana Daily Sun (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             January 9, 2015 Friday

Navarro Regional Hospital seeks to educate, enroll uninsured

BYLINE: Corsicana Daily Sun, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1448 words


Jan. 09--As part of the Affordable Care Act, most U.S. citizens were required to
have health insurance beginning in 2014.

Michael Stewart, CEO of Navarro Regional
Hospital, provided some insight into the act and how it impacts you.

Q: What is health insurance?

Stewart: Health insurance is a contract between you and an insurance company.

When you buy a plan or policy, you pay a monthly fee and in return, the company
agrees to pay part of your medical expenses when you get sick or hurt.

Q: Why is it important that citizens have health insurance?

Stewart: While no one plans to get sick or hurt, most people need medical care
at some point.

Did you know the average cost of a three-day hospital stay is
$30,000?

Or that fixing a broken leg can cost up to $7,500?

Having health
insurance helps protect you from unexpected costs like these.

Your insurance
policy will outline what types of care, treatments and services are covered,
including how much the insurance company will pay for different treatments in
different situations.

Q: Is having health insurance mandatory?

Stewart: Yes, with few exceptions, most U.S. citizens are required to have
health insurance under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, which was
signed into law in 2010.

Those who do not have minimum essential health coverage
-- like through an employer -- and don't qualify for an exemption, will have to
pay a penalty fee if they don't get health insurance.

Stewart: If you can afford health insurance coverage in 2015, but don't sign up,
you will have to pay a penalty ($325 per adult, $162.40 per child -- up to $975
per family or 2 percent of income whichever is higher.

And without insurance,
you'll be financially responsible for all of your medical costs.

Q: Who is exempt from having to get health insurance?

Stewart: The list is long, but here are a few reasons why a person might be
exempt: (A) Coverage is unaffordable coverage (more than 8 percent of household
income); (B) You are a member of federally recognized tribe; (C) You are below
tax filing threshold and not required to file taxes; (D) You have been uninsured
for less than three consecutive months during the year.

Q: When can a person purchase health insurance?

Stewart: For the Health Insurance Marketplace, enrollment periods are only for a
specified time during the year.

The current enrollment period is from November
15, 2014 through February 15, 2015.

You can only purchase insurance outside of
that time period if you have a qualifying life event, such as a marriage,
divorce, new baby, and change of income, to name a few.

You are considered
covered if you have Medicare, Medicaid, CHIP, any job-based plan, any plan
you've purchased yourself, COBRA, retiree coverage, Tricare, VA health coverage.

Q: How much does health insurance cost?

Stewart: Each plan varies in terms of overall cost and depends on the amount of
premium and deductible you choose.

The premiums amount of money charged for a
certain amount of insurance coverage each year.

You may also have an annual
deductible.

This is the amount you must pay out of your pocket before the
insurance company will pay any expenses.

For example, let's say you have a plan
with a $200 deductible.

You go to the doctor and the total cost is $250.

You pay
the first $200 to cover the deductible, and then your insurance pays its share.

How much you pay for your premium and deductible depends on the type of
insurance you have and whether you're purchasing individual or family coverage.

Q: What types of plans are there?

Stewart: There are four levels of qualified health plans on the Health Insurance
Marketplace: platinum, gold, silver, and bronze.

Each category has a different
monthly premium costs, as well as deductible.

There are a lot of affordable
options on the Health Insurance Marketplace and you can compare each plan side
by side so you can find the plan that meets you and/or your family's needs.

Q: Is there any help available if you can't afford health insurance?

Stewart: The federal government can assist some individuals and families with
their premiums costs by providing subsidies to those who qualify based on their
income.

For example, if a family of four had an income of about $40,000 in 2014,
they maybe eligible for subsidy assistance on premium costs that exceed 5
percent of their income.

If that same family of four purchases a Silver plan
that might cost them around $9,400 per year, they could eligible to receive
subsidy assistance of up to almost $7,400; which means they would only be
responsible for about $2,000 of the insurance premium costs themselves.

Q: What if you have a preexisting condition like a previous cancer, a diabetes
diagnosis or are pregnant?

Stewart: You cannot be excluded from coverage for any preexisting condition.

And, equally important, parents can cover their children up to age 26 on their
insurance plan.

Q: What do I need to do if I enrolled last year and have coverage?

Stewart: The federal government has announced that for those consumers who are
already enrolled in a Marketplace plan in 2014, they will have an automatic
enrollment option to select the same health plan coverage in 2015.

Of course,
these individuals and families have the option to shop for other coverage
choices, as well.

The Marketplace enrollment tools spell out the steps consumers
will need to take for either the option to auto-enroll in the same health
insurance coverage, or to shop for other choices.

Q: What else does a health insurance cover?

Stewart: In addition to pre-existing conditions, all qualified health plans must
offer Ambulatory patient services; Hospitalization and emergency services;
Maternity and newborn care; Mental Health and substance use disorder;
Prescription drugs; Lab services; Preventative and wellness services; Chronic
disease management; and Pediatric services, including dental and vision care.

Of
course, you have to meet your deductible before insurance pays.

Q: Are there qualified health plans cover preventive care services at no charge?

Stewart: Yes, qualified plans cover many preventive care screenings, tests and
services such as vaccinations that can help adults and children stay healthy.

And the best news is, they're free -- no copays or deductibles.

Depending on
your age, gender and other risk factors, your doctor may tell you it's time for
a mammogram, colonoscopy or other screening that can detect cancer or disease in
its earliest, most treatable stages.

Or, it may be time to screen for high blood
pressure or high cholesterol to give your doctor information that can help
prevent a stroke or heart attack.

For women, many preventive care screenings, tests and supplies that can help
with family planning and pregnancy are now covered, along with services such as
these: Well-woman checkups; Contraceptives and birth control counseling;
Screenings during pregnancy for a variety of conditions; Breastfeeding supplies,
support and counseling.

Q: Besides a health insurance plan on the Health Insurance Marketplace, what
other types of health insurance are available?

Stewart: Many families with limited income will qualify for Medicaid or
Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP) and they can enroll any time of the
year.

Medicaid provides health coverage for some low-income people, families and
children, pregnant women, the elderly, and people with disabilities.

In some
states the program covers all low-income adults below a certain income level.

CHIP provides low-cost health coverage to children in families that earn too
much money to qualify for Medicaid.

In some states, CHIP covers parents and
pregnant women.

Each state offers CHIP coverage, and works closely with its
state Medicaid program.

Q: How can local, uninsured residents find help with enrollment?

Stewart: As a service to our community Navarro Regional can help uninsured
residents review coverage options on the Health Insurance Marketplace, or
determine eligibility for Medicaid.

We can also assist with re-enrollment, or
with special enrollment if someone has had a life change, such as a marriage,
divorce, job loss, etc.

All they need to do is schedule an appointment with one
of our application coordinators by calling 903-654-1028.

Submitted by Navarro Regional Hospital and reprinted as a public service.

You
may reach the Daily Sun newsroom by email at news@corsicanadailysun.com

___ (c)2015 the Corsicana Daily Sun (Corsicana, Texas) Visit the Corsicana Daily
Sun (Corsicana, Texas) at corsicanadailysun.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150109-XQ-Navarro-Regional-Hospital-seeks-to-educate-enroll-uninsured-0109-201
50109

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XQ


                       Copyright 2015 Corsicana Daily Sun

                              243 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                     September 16, 2013 Monday 6:30 AM EST

UPMC Health Plan Begins Marketing Plans on Insurance Marketplace

LENGTH: 191  words


New Delhi, Sept. 16 -- UPMC Health Plan has entered into an agreement with the
Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) to provide health insurance
coverage through Qualified Health Plans (QHP) on the Federal Health Insurance
Marketplace.

As a result, UPMC Health Plan will immediately begin marketing its offerings on
the Marketplace (also known as the Health Insurance Exchange).

Individuals and
employer groups may purchase insurance plans on the Marketplace beginning Oct.
1, 2013.

The specifics about what individual health plans will be offering will
not be available until Oct. 1.

"UPMC Health Plan is pleased to begin helping individuals find the health plan
that fits their needs and helping employers find plans that are right for their
companies," said Diane P. Holder, President and CEO of UPMC Health Plan.

"Our
wide variety of offerings assures that individuals and companies on all
different income levels will find a plan that fits their needs.

We are very
pleased that affordable health care coverage will become available to more
people in our region including for those individuals who may qualify for a
government subsidy."

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                              244 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                     September 23, 2013 Monday 6:30 AM EST

The University of Arizona Health Plans University Healthcare Marketplace to
Offer Affordable Health Insurance for Individuals Through the New Health
Insurance Marketplace

LENGTH: 336  words


New Delhi, Sept. 23 -- The University of Arizona Health Plans (UAHP), a division
of The University of Arizona Health Network, today announced it has entered into
an agreement with CMS to provide health insurance coverage through Qualified
Health Plans in the Health Insurance Marketplace beginning Oct.1 as The
University of Arizona Health Plans - University Healthcare Marketplace (UHM).

UHM will offer Qualified Health Plans for individuals in ten counties throughout
Arizona.

The plans, which will be known as University Healthcare Marketplace
Canyon Plans, will provide affordable access to innovative, compassionate and
member-focused care.

"At UAHP we are proud of our roots in Arizona and we strive to exhibit trust and
confidence as a strong health partner for our neighbors," said James Stover,
chief executive officer of UAHP.

"The Canyon Plans will provide access to
world-class care and will offer coverage that will help keep Arizona families
healthy, both physically and financially.

Through our Canyon Plans we can expand
our service to a broader segment of our diverse community, helping to ensure
that they receive affordable, high-quality health care.

We have designed our
plans with competitive rates and reasonable deductibles and copays.

In addition,
the Advanced Premium Tax Credit and Cost Sharing Reduction subsidies will
significantly lower premium and out-of-pocket costs for those who qualify,
making health insurance coverage very affordable for millions of Americans."

When open enrollment in the Health Insurance Marketplace begins on Oct.1,
individuals will be able to choose Canyon Plans with:

* The full array of the Essential Health Benefits, including wellness and
preventive care services at no additional cost.

* Annual physicals, maternity coverage, infant wellness checkups and
prescription drugs.

* Up to five primary care visits at no cost on some plans.

* Capped out-of-pocket costs that guarantee members will always have quality,
affordable coverage, even during catastrophic events.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                              245 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                     September 23, 2013 Monday 6:30 AM EST

The University of Arizona Health Plans University Healthcare Marketplace to
Offer Affordable Health Insurance for Individuals Through the New Health
Insurance Marketplace

LENGTH: 336  words


New Delhi, Sept. 23 -- The University of Arizona Health Plans (UAHP), a division
of The University of Arizona Health Network, today announced it has entered into
an agreement with CMS to provide health insurance coverage through Qualified
Health Plans in the Health Insurance Marketplace beginning Oct.1 as The
University of Arizona Health Plans - University Healthcare Marketplace (UHM).

UHM will offer Qualified Health Plans for individuals in ten counties throughout
Arizona.

The plans, which will be known as University Healthcare Marketplace
Canyon Plans, will provide affordable access to innovative, compassionate and
member-focused care.

"At UAHP we are proud of our roots in Arizona and we strive to exhibit trust and
confidence as a strong health partner for our neighbors," said James Stover,
chief executive officer of UAHP.

"The Canyon Plans will provide access to
world-class care and will offer coverage that will help keep Arizona families
healthy, both physically and financially.

Through our Canyon Plans we can expand
our service to a broader segment of our diverse community, helping to ensure
that they receive affordable, high-quality health care.

We have designed our
plans with competitive rates and reasonable deductibles and copays.

In addition,
the Advanced Premium Tax Credit and Cost Sharing Reduction subsidies will
significantly lower premium and out-of-pocket costs for those who qualify,
making health insurance coverage very affordable for millions of Americans."

When open enrollment in the Health Insurance Marketplace begins on Oct.1,
individuals will be able to choose Canyon Plans with:

* The full array of the Essential Health Benefits, including wellness and
preventive care services at no additional cost.

* Annual physicals, maternity coverage, infant wellness checkups and
prescription drugs.

* Up to five primary care visits at no cost on some plans.

* Capped out-of-pocket costs that guarantee members will always have quality,
affordable coverage, even during catastrophic events.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                              246 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                                 August 7, 2011

The pain of health insurance

SECTION: THE MARKET

LENGTH: 1216 words


Recent weeks have brought a number of financial blows for families, with news of
rising gas bills and the introduction of a household charge.

For some consumers, there was even more bad news last week, with health insurer
Aviva announcing its second price hike this year.

From the start of next month, the cost of Aviva's Level 2 hospital plan will
rise by 9.5 per cent for existing customers, and new customers will face a
premium increase of almost 20 per cent for the same cover.

Just under one in four Aviva customers will be affected by the increase in
prices, with the insurer saying the price rises were necessary due to ''the
combined effect of an increase in claims frequency and rising claims costs''.

Aviva's last price rise - a 14 per cent price increase across all consumer plans
-was effective from March 1.The insurer said it increased prices twice in one
year due to the ''dynamic'' nature of the market, saying things had ''changed
significantly since the beginning of this year''.

''The increase in the cost of private beds in public hospitals remains a
significant driver of increases in our claims costs," a spokeswoman for Aviva
said.

Aviva is not alone in hiking prices, with rival health insurers Quinn Healthcare
and VHI Healthcare also announcing price hikes earlier this year.

Quinn's last
price increase took effect on April 1, with the insurer saying an average family
policy increased in cost by 6 per cent.

''This increase came as a direct result of the increase in the health insurance
levy," a spokeswoman for Quinn said.

VHI's prices last increased in February, with price increases varying across
different types of plan, with hikes of between 15 and 45 per cent.

Aongus Loughlin, a senior consultant in healthcare and risk at consultancy firm
Towers Watson, said it was likely that insurers would hold off until after
December's budget to announce any further price changes.

''I'd say they will all want to see what happens in the budget, around bed costs
and the health insurance levy," Loughlin said.

Consumers may be fearful of more price hikes ahead, but Liam Sloyan, chief
executive of the market's regulatory body, the Health Insurance Authority (HIA),
said it was important to remember that there were still products that had not
been subject to price increases.

''A lot of people are paying more than they need to for health insurance,"
Sloyan said.

According to Loughlin, consumers should keep an eye on corporate health
insurance plans.

''If you are savvy enough and get the premium at the right time, you can get a
great rate," he said.

Market trends

In a market with three main providers and more than 250 health insurance plans
to choose from, consumers are understandably a bit overwhelmed.

However,
consumers are making some changes to their health insurance choices.

Figures from the HIA show that the number of people insured with an inpatient
health insurance policy declined by 14,000 in the first quarter of 2011,
continuing the gradual fall in the number insured since early 2009.Today just
under half the population have in-patient health insurance cover.

Also, as consumers try to reduce their expenditure, many are taking more risk.

''There has been a growth in the number of people who are purchasing plans with
an excess," said VHI's spokeswoman.

''This means that people pay a lower annual premium, but for each claim do pay a
small excess."

According to Quinn's spokeswoman, the majority of the company's health insurance
customers are on plans with an excess, while recent customer research by Aviva
indicated that Irish consumers would accept an excess in order to reduce their
premium.

Consumers are also tailoring the type of products they are choosing in
a bid to reduce cost.

''The majority of our customers opt for plans that have cover for hospital
treatment as these plans have lower premiums than plans with additional day to
day benefits as well as hospital cover," said Aviva's spokeswoman.

Loughlin predicted that health insurance plans would become more tailored as the
market continues to develop.

For example, the VHI has just launched its latest plan, called One Plan Sport,
which is designed for sports enthusiasts.

Benefits include specialist sports
injury care, fitness screening and rehabilitative physiotherapy.

What lies ahead

With a number of new proposals floated and a number of changes signalled, the
health insurance market is in a state of flux.

The HIA submitted two reports,
one on risk equalisation and one on minimum benefits, to the Department of
Health just before Christmas 2010.

''They are both being considered as part of the work currently under way to
develop a permanent risk equalisation scheme and to update the minimum benefits
regulations," a spokesman for the Department of Health said.

However, when asked if these reports were effectively null and void given the
new proposals around universal health insurance, the spokesman said both reports
were ''highly relevant to the current system of private health insurance, and
will also be of importance in the context of universal health insurance''.

He said: ''The government has committed itself to protecting community rating
and to having risk equalisation under universal health insurance."

With a transitional risk equalisation scheme previously promised from 2012
onwards, it is likely that further details of this scheme will emerge in the
coming months.

Looking further ahead, universal health insurance is one of the central planks
of the current government's proposals on health reform and effectively means
that health insurance will be mandatory by 2016.

According to the Programme for Government, the state will pay insurance premiums
for people on low incomes and subsidise insurance premiums for people on middle
incomes.

Also the Programme for Government said that the state-controlled health insurer,
the VHI, would not be sold, but would remain ''in public ownership to retain a
public option in the universal health insurance system''.

However, proposals to break up the VHI into competing companies have also been
floated.

''While universal health insurance is the ultimate destination of this
government's reform programme, there are a number of important stepping stones
along the way," the spokesman said.

He added that an immediate priority was the establishment of the special
delivery unit, which will aim to reduce waiting times for hospital services.

A white paper on how universal health insurance will be financed has been
promised, with the government saying it is committed to its publication.

The paper will outline the estimated costs associated with the introduction of
universal health insurance.

''However, it must be emphasised that the precise cost of universal health
insurance will depend significantly on the success of reform measures over the
next three to four years," the spokesman said.

Details of an implementation group to oversee the universal health insurance
project will be announced by Minister for Health James Reilly in ''due course'',
according to a spokesman for the department.

Loughlin said that the proposal for universal health insurance was a good idea,
but that it would ''take years to get it over the line''.

''You have to have the infrastructure right before you can bring in universal
health insurance," he said.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              247 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Investors India

                                  May 3, 2016

General Insurance: Make It Sufficient Super Top-up Plans are Turning a Boon in
Enhancing the Health Coverage

LENGTH: 842  words


Many of us feel relieved and protected having bought a health insurance plan.

However, at times, inadequate coverage becomes a concern and therefore, a closer
look to health insurance becomes imminent.

Several factors are addressed at the
time of buying - we tend to ask about the benefits, waiting period, pre-existing
clause and what not, but we forget to analyze the adequate need.

What we end up
doing is that we make our own conviction and finally, buy an insurance.

Very few
of us actually make a need-based analysis.

Rising inflation could well send
medical costs upwards.

From hospitalization to various diagnostic tests, the
costs seem to be increasing with every passing year.

A seemingly large cover
now, becomes shrunken, thanks to inflation and can really be a big blow to you
in the future.

Be it a hit on your savings or worse, you have to compromise on
the healthcare quality - by opting for a cheaper doctor or hospital, it just
isn't worth it.

A concern for health insurance policyholders at such times is
whether their existing cover would be adequate to meet any medical emergency.

To
tackle such concerns of policyholders, insurance companies offer Super Top-ups.

Topping It Up

A top-up health insurance plan is a regular indemnity plan that covers
hospitalization costs, but only after a threshold limit is crossed.

In insurance
parlance, this limit is called deductible.

A deductible is that portion of the
claim amount that is not covered by the insurer and has to be paid by the
insured person before the benefits of the policy can kickin.

So, if you already
have a health insurance policy or are covered by your employer, the deductible
limit can be paid by the employer's policy and anything above that limit by the
top-up cover.

Top-Up vs Super Top-Up

However, it is essential to understand the difference between top up and super
top up.

The difference between a super top up plan and a top up plan lies in its
working.

In a top up plan, the reimbursement for medical expenses is for a
single illness.

The expenses for a single injury or disease should be over the
threshold limit to be eligible for a claim.

In a super top-up plan, the expenses
covered are for all illnesses put together that occur during an entire year.

In
other words, the total expenses in a year must be above the threshold level for
the claim to be eligible.

Super top ups prove to be more advantages as they
would cover a range of ailments in a year.

In a regular health insurance plan, expenses reimbursed are upto the sum insured
in the policy.

In a top up/super top plan, the medical expenses are covered on
the basis of a threshold limit.

This threshold limit (also known as compulsory
deductibles) is the level from where the plan would start kicking-in.

Any claims
over and above this threshold limit would be entertained under top up/super top
up plans.

For example: - If the client has opted for a Sum Insured of Rs.

8,00,000 and an aggregate deductible of Rs.

The aggregate deductible
is the amount that client's existing health insurance policy will pay for
medical expenses incurred.

If he/she make 3 claims in a policy year and the
total claim amount is Rs.10,00,000 then, after the initial Rs.

2,00,000
(aggregate deductible) is paid by him/her for current health insurance policy,
the additional Rs.8,00,000 will be paid by us.

Conclusion

As far as health insurance needs rise, being covered under the corporate group
plan of your employer or buying a policy for a tiny sum insured of, say, Rs.1-2
lakh is not enough.

In fact, this is the most common mistake that people make
with health insurance, which is to settle with little cover or for the one given
by the employer.

Medical costs have skyrocketed and the process to port health
insurance from a corporate plan to an individual plan is not smooth.

But, not
everyone can afford to buy sufficient health cover.

For such individuals, a
health insurance top-up plan is an excellent way to increase the cover, while
keeping costs in check.

Having an adequate coverage is a must for all of us in
order to be worry-free from health issues, however, don't shed away all your
hard-earned money as well, therefore, start investing in smarter options and
stay protected.

Things to remember before buying a top-up plan: -

Consider the exact requirement for self or for the family.

* The top-up plan's deductibles should be less than or equal to the base policy
sum insured.

* Top-up plans provide dual benefits of low cost and higher sum insured.

* For all those, who have parents about to enter the senior citizen category,
this would be the perfect product.

As that is the time, when the probability of
falling ill is high and medical expenses are bound to increase.

* For the salaried, who are covered under employer's health insurance policy
should also buy a top-up plan for higher protection.

* Top-ups are one of the cheapest and best way to enhance your coverage, without
shelling-out a lot of money.

Build them into your healthcare planning.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


         Copyright 2016 Bajaj Capital Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                              248 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                      November 16, 2015 Monday 6:30 AM EST

eHealth Identifies Top 10 Things Every Health Insurance Shopper Should Know
During 2016 Obamacare Open Enrollment Period

LENGTH: 1054  words


Nov. 16 -- Today eHealth, Inc. (NASDAQ: EHTH - eHealth.com), the nation's first
and largest private online health insurance exchange, identified the top ten
things consumers should look for during the Affordable Care Act's 2016
nationwide open enrollment period.

The Affordable Care Act (ACA, commonly referred to as "Obamacare") created
nationwide open enrollment periods when all qualifying individuals and families
are able to apply for government subsidies and enroll in major medical health
insurance coverage.

The open enrollment period for 2016 health insurance plans
started November 1, 2015 and is scheduled to continue through January 31, 2016.

"Open enrollment is important for everyone who buys health insurance," said Gary
Matalucci, eHealth's Vice President for Customer Care.

"It's the one time of
year when everyone should reconsider their health insurance options, because the
best plan for you in 2016 isn't necessarily the plan you had in 2015.

In fact,
this open enrollment period might be your only chance to change your current
health insurance plan before 2017!

If you need help understanding your coverage
options, eHealth is here for you."

10 Things All Health Insurance Consumers Need to Know

During the 2016 Open Enrollment Period:

1.

Your monthly premiums will probably change in 2016 - Some consumers may
actually see their monthly premiums decrease, but chances are you'll see a
modest increase in your insurance rates.

A Kaiser Family Foundation analysis of
11 cities shows that monthly premiums for benchmark plans are increasing an
average of 4.4%, though some cities will see an increase of 10% or more1.

Consumers qualifying for subsidies might not feel these rate increases, since
subsidies often keep pace with premiums.

But if you don't qualify for subsidies,
rising prices can hit you right in the wallet.

Your annual deductible and copayments may change too - Even if your monthly
premiums aren't changing significantly, pay attention to any changes in your
out-of-pocket medical costs for 2016.

Are your copayments increasing?

What about
your annual deductible?

Don't overlook out-of-pocket costs when reviewing your
coverage options.

A recent eHealth report shows that what you pay out of pocket
for prescription drugs and medical care has a big impact on your overall
satisfaction with your health plan2.

Your 2015 health insurance plan may be discontinued.

Some insurance companies
are no longer offering certain 2015 health insurance plans in 2016.

Insurance
companies sometimes retire older plans or simply opt to leave a specific market.

Others may be closing down PPO plans in favor of HMO plans.

If your 2015 health
insurance plan is going away, you'll need to get out there and shop for
something new - and re-apply for any subsidies you may have qualified for in
2015.

On the other hand, new plans may be available to you.

Though some insurers
are retiring old plans, others are rolling out new individual and family health
insurance plans for 2016.

Get familiar with any new health insurance offerings
in your area.

You may find that one of these new plans is well suited to your
personal coverage needs and budget.

You could see changes in your benefits or access to network doctors.

Whether
you're keeping your 2015 plan or enrolling in something new for 2016, be aware
of how you may be affected by changes to your coverage or to your network of
doctors and hospitals.

Are the drugs you use still covered at an affordable
copayment?

Is you preferred doctor still in your network?

Some insurers are
moving to a two-tiered network model where you pay a higher or lower copayment
depending on which medical providers you want to see.

Pay attention to changes
of this sort and make sure you're still getting the coverage and access to care
you need for 2016.

You may need to actively opt-in to stick with your current plan.

Depending on
the rules in your state, if your insurance company makes certain changes to your
coverage for 2016, you may need to actively indicate you want to stay enrolled
in your plan next year.

Otherwise, you could end up without coverage on January
1.

Contact your licensed agent or insurance company to learn more.

Subsidies can get complicated - you may want to re-apply.

The federal
government generally makes subsidies available to qualifying applicants earning
up to 400% of the federal poverty level, but subsidies can get really
complicated.

Did you indicate that you wanted your 2015 subsidies to be
automatically recalculated for 2016?

And even if your subsidies automatically renew for 2016, the dollar value of
those subsidies could change based on a variety of factors.

Better to play it
safe and re-apply for 2016 subsidies during open enrollment.

If you're not getting subsidies, you have extra coverage options to choose
from.

If you earn too much to qualify for government subsidies (that is, more
than about $47,000 for a single person or about $97,000 for a family of four, in
most areas), you actually have additional coverage options to choose from that
cannot be purchased using subsidies.

Private online marketplaces like eHealth
offer Obamacare-compliant health insurance plans that meet your coverage
requirements under the law and which aren't available through government-run
exchanges.

You could face a steep tax penalty for going uninsured in 2016.

The law
generally requires most Americans to have qualifying coverage or face a
potential penalty on their federal taxes.

If you are uninsured for longer than
two consecutive months in 2016, you could face the biggest-ever Obamacare tax
penalty: $695 per adult (and $347.50 per child) or 2.5% of your taxable
household income, whichever is greater, subject to certain limits and
exceptions.

Open enrollment
started November 1, 2015 and is scheduled to run through January 31, 2016.

The
earliest that coverage under a new plan can begin is January 1.

For a smoother
transition from your 2015 plan to your 2016 plan, you may want to enroll before
December 15, 2015.

Whatever you do, don't put off shopping for 2016 coverage
until the last minute.

Give yourself time to understand your options and get
professional help and advice if needed.

Source: eHealth

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                              249 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                           February 8, 2014 Saturday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Health insurers can do more to halt the exodus

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg.

28

LENGTH: 361 words


HEALTH insurance companies today stand accused of "playing down" price increases
on some of their plans.

While they would, of course, wish to minimise these
increases as 250,000 customers abandon health insurance because of unsustainable
costs, it does the sector no service not to be completely upfront about these
relentless increases and where they will occur.

According to new research, a 20pc price increase flagged by Laya will actually
see some of its plans rise by between 35pc and 40pc.

Over at the VHI, a 3pc price increase actually means that one of its most
popular plans will increase by 8pc.

The health insurance companies argue that the increases they announced are
"average" over all their plans.

But one health insurance expert is quoted as saying that they are doing this "to
mask the full impact of rate increases".

However, hard-pressed consumers in the 'squeezed middle' ''' considering
abandoning health insurance have been cautioned that there may be an alternative
to the drastic step of giving up health insurance and relying fully on an
already over-loaded public system.

Patrick Brennan, of the advisory service Irish Health Insurance, has estimated
that there are over 260 different health insurance plans and a majority simply
sign up for one plan and stay on it.

He believes that before leaving the market altogether, consumers should look at
a compromise solution: review your plan to fit your current family
circumstances, which may be quite different to the ones you signed up for and
might yield considerable savings.

While this may require people to use health insurance in a different way - and
leave the consumer open to 'top-ups' ''' for various procedures, or less
salubrious accommodation - private health insurance still ensures one has access
to the best care available in the quickest time frame.

It also may be time for the heath insurance companies themselves to review the
number of plans on offer and streamline these to reflect the new reality.

Consumers are now looking for the equivalent of the 'early bird' ''' and
'value'''' menus and insurance companies need to service this demand to stem the
exodus from private health care.

P1C

LENGTH: 734 words


The deadline is approaching to sign up for a plan on the state's health
insurance marketplace, even as the future of the Affordable Care Act is in
question.

Jan. 31 is the last day for people to purchase a 2017 plan on healthcare.gov.

"Obviously, a lot of people are nervous about the future of the insurance
marketplace, said Jeremy Smith, a health insurance navigator.

"A lot of people
ask will they lose their coverage.

We are definitely still encouraging people to
sign up through the marketplace.

Smith works for First Choice Services, a Charleston-based nonprofit group that
operates a federal grant to run West Virginia NaviCare, a health insurance
enrollment program.

The program helps people sign up for health insurance on the
phone or in person.

President-elect Donald Trump has promised to repeal the Affordable Care Act and
the Republican-led Congress last week took the first steps toward repealing it,
approving a budget that paves the way for repeal.

It's unclear yet what, if
anything, Republicans plan to replace it with.

Trump told The Washington Post
last week that he's nearly done with a plan to replace the ACA with a law that
aims for "insurance for everybody, though he didn't outline the details.

Republican leaders have also said they don't plan to take coverage away from the
around 20 million people who have gained health insurance through the ACA, the
Post reported, but how they will do that remains to be seen.

"I think obviously no one knows exactly what's going to happen but we don't
anticipate anyone getting kicked off their insurance in the middle of the year,
Smith said.

"We're encouraging people to go ahead and sign up and we'll see what
the future holds as far as the health insurance marketplaces.

The Jan. 31 deadline does not apply to Medicaid or the Children's Health
Insurance Program, and eligible people can up for those year-round.

Those who sign up for an insurance plan by Jan. 31 would get coverage starting
March 1, Smith said.

In West Virginia, two insurance companies offer plans on the state's exchange:
Parkersburg-based Highmark Blue Cross Blue Shield and Dayton, Ohio-based
CareSource.

Highmark offers plans in all 55 counties.

Both companies are offering bronze,
silver and gold plans, Smith said.

"We understand that many of our customers have questions about how their
coverage may be impacted by the changes in health policy that are being
discussed by the new administration and Congress, Cathy McAllister said.

"It's
important to remember that coverage remains in effect for all of our members.

"Our top priority is to ensure that there is a smooth transition to a better
health care system, with minimal disruption to our members, and to their choice
of health plan and doctor, she said.

"We are working with federal and state
lawmakers to ensure that an alternative solution leads to a competitive, private
health insurance market that works for people, giving them peace of mind at a
price they can afford.

Under the Affordable Care Act, those who don't have health insurance can expect
to pay a penalty on their federal taxes.

The penalty for not having health insurance this year will be $695 or 2.5
percent of a person's annual income, whichever is greater, he said.

Smith said the biggest misunderstanding about the health insurance exchange are
the monthly tax credits to help people pay for it.

"Last year, 86 percent of West Virginians who purchased plans on the marketplace
were able to get tax credits, he said.

"A lot of people don't realize that that
option is there.

Smith encourages people to shop for health insurance on healthcare.gov, as
opposed to other sites.

Some companies sell limited benefit plans, which don't offer all services and
don't meet the guidelines for the Affordable Care Act, he said.

Those who buy
those sorts of plans will still be required to pay a penalty, he said.

NaviCare is usually open from 9 to 5 p.m. on weekdays but will also do night and
weekend appointments if need be, Smith said.

For more information or to schedule
an appointment, call 1-844-982-2737.

Reach Lori Kersey at lori.kersey@wvgazettemail.com, 304-348-1240 or follow
@LoriKerseyWV on Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 Charleston Newspapers

                              251 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                       October 4, 2013 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Health Insurance Reform Goes Retail in NC: New Store Opens for One-Stop Health
Insurance Shopping

LENGTH: 262  words


New Delhi, Oct. 4 -- Residents in the Asheville area who prefer to have a
face-to-face conversation with a real person when it comes to something as
personal as selecting a health insurance plan are in luck!

WNC Health Insurance, an authorized agency of Blue Cross and Blue Shield of
North Carolina, is opening a new education and enrollment center in South
Asheville that will allow residents to simplify the health insurance shopping
experience.

The Grand opening for The Asheville Blue Cross and Blue Shield of North Carolina
Store is planned for Saturday, October 5, 2013 from 11am to 3pm.

Visitors to the new retail store will be able to get expert answers to questions
about Obamacare and the new Health Insurance Marketplace and received
personalized assistance in selecting the best health insurance plan to meet
their needs, all at no extra cost.

WNC Health Insurance staff will take the time to understand each individual's
budget and health insurance needs.

They will walk with each person,
step-by-step, through the process of selecting an insurance plan.

Individuals
will gain an understanding of which insurance subsidies and discounts they may
be eligible for under the new Healthcare Reform Law.

"With the new retail location, buying health insurance in Asheville, North
Carolina just got a whole lot easier" said Josh Williams, founder and president
of WNC Health Insurance.

WNC Health Insurance encourages every to drop by for a visit and checkout all
that the new WNC Health Insurance / The Asheville Blue Cross and Blue Shield of
North Carolina Store as to offer!

B1

LENGTH: 655 words


After spending months working on behalf of Sen. John Kerry's failed presidential
campaign, a group of west side neighbors decided that they did not want to
postpone their political efforts until another election.

"We decided that we wanted to keep working," said Barbara Spar, who teaches
human resources management at Madison Area Technical College.

"We wanted to be
for something.

In the conversations that followed, the group decided to take on what they saw
as the most pressing problem to which a local solution could be applied.

They
decided to pursue universal health care coverage, approaching it first at the
municipal level.

"We didn't want to take on the insurance companies," she added.

And they saw
municipal government as a laboratory for implementing an idea and a launching
pad for potentially taking the policy statewide.

More than a year later, the group -- now called Wisconsin Health Care for All --
has a plan that members say is attractive to small businesses in the city that
are seeking health insurance for their employees.

And at the same time, they
say, it would ensure that everyone who lives in Madison has health insurance.

It is based loosely on what the state of Maryland has approved, a "pay or play"
plan that requires businesses to either insure their workers or pay into a fund
that's used to provide coverage through competitive bids by private providers.

John Kalfayan, an economist and one of the leaders of the group, said the plan
holds promise because it does not disrupt the structure that's already in place
for providing health insurance.

It would not, for instance, alter BadgerCare or
Medicare.

It would not interfere with any employer that is already providing
health insurance.

And for small businesses, he said, it would make it more
affordable to offer employees health insurance.

Under the group's plan, any employer that is not providing health insurance
would be required to pay into a government administered fund.

In turn, their
employees would be insured, and this would come at a lower cost, Kalfayan said,
than if the small businesses sought policies individually.

With a large
compulsory pool to share the risk, health insurance fees could be significantly
lowered, perhaps to 8 percent or so of payroll, according to the group.

Of course, Kalfayan acknowledges, there would be ready opponents to this plan,
namely businesses that are not seeking health insurance for their employees and
do not want to incur additional costs for a universal plan.

"Government has a role in protecting citizens," Kalfayan said of pursuing the
plan in spite of these concerns.

"This is one way they can do it."

Ann Fleischli, another leader of the group, said members have been working on
surveying local businesses about the plan and so far have found overwhelming
support on routes down Monroe and Williamson streets.

One approach the group is discussing is to petition for a referendum on the
plan.

The effort is not being actively supported by
anyone on the City Council nor by the local political party Progressive Dane.

Austin King, who is in the middle of a fight to require businesses to allow
their employees paid sick leave, said that he would not be championing more
regulation on businesses.

Mayor Dave Cieslewicz has also declined to support the plan, citing City
Attorney Michael May's opinion that the city could not collect the money to
support the plan without violating laws controlling payroll taxes.

Wisconsin Health Care For All members dispute this, saying that they are not
proposing a payroll tax, but fees, and that they have legal opinions that say it
would be feasible.

lsensenbrenner@madison.com

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Madison Newspapers, Inc.

                              253 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           December 31, 2016 Saturday

Here's how you can save tax on health insurance premium

BYLINE: Sunil Dhawan

SECTION: TAX

LENGTH: 672 words


Most financial planners suggest that the first step in any financial plan should
be to ensure that one has adequate health insurance.

One must get adequate
health insurance cover for self and family even before starting to save for
one's goals.

What's more, the premium paid for health insurance also provides a
tax benefit by reducing your taxable income and thereby your tax liability.

Here
are five crucial things to know about tax benefits of health insurance plans as
per income tax laws for fiscal 2016-2017.

What are the limits for claiming tax benefits for health insurance

The premium paid towards health insurance policies qualifies for deduction under
Section 80D of the Income Tax Act.

The benefit is available to individuals on
health insurance premium paid for self, spouse, children and parents.

Importantly, it does not matter whether the children or parents are dependent on
you or not.

The quantum of tax benefit depends on the age of the individual who is medically
insured.

On the premium paid for self, spouse, children and parents, the maximum
deduction that can be availed is Rs 25,000 a year, provided the age of the
individual is not above 60.

If the premium paid by an individual is towards health policy for his or her
parent who is a senior citizen of age 60 or more, the maximum is capped at Rs
30,000.

A taxpayer may therefore maximise tax benefit under section 80D to a
total of Rs 55,000 if his age is below 60 while parents age is above 60.

For those tax payer individuals who are of age 60 or more and are also paying
health insurance premium for their parents, the maximum tax benefit under
section 80D would therefore be a total of Rs 60,000.

Tax saved

For someone buying health cover for self and family and paying Rs 25,000
premium, the amount of tax saved at 10%, 20% and 30% tax rate will be Rs 2,575,
Rs 5,150 and Rs 7,725 respectively.

This will be over and above anything one
saves under section 80C of the Income Tax Act.

Health check-ups

Within the maximum limit of Rs 25,000 or Rs 30,000 (as per age), the preventive
health check-ups get a benefit of up to Rs 5,000.

This means, if you pay premium
of Rs 20,000 towards Mediclaim and undergo a health check-up costing Rs 5,000,
the total of Rs 25,000 can be availed under section 80D.

Most prominent
hospitals offer preventive health check up packages.

With lifestyle ailments on
the rise, it's always better to keep an eye on one's health.

Tax benefit available on all types of health insurance

Both 'indemnity' and 'defined benefit' kinds of health insurance plans would
qualify for tax benefit.

Not just the indemnity plans such as individual health
insurance plan popularly called Mediclaim and Family Floater plans but also
defined benefit plans such as daily hospital cash plan and critical illness plan
of any standalone health insurance company or a general insurance company would
qualify for such tax benefit.

Life insurance companies riders

The Section 80D tax benefit is on the premium paid towards health policy and
therefore does not restrict one to buy health plan only from health insurance
companies.

The premium paid towards critical illness or medical insurance riders
in a life insurance policy also qualify for tax benefit under the same section.

Cash payment: One may pay premium in cash, however, in order to avail tax
benefit, the income tax rules disallows tax benefit on premium paid in cash.

One
may however pay by Internet banking, cheque, draft or even by credit card to get
tax advantage on premium.

However, cash payment for preventive health check up
is eligible for section 80D benefit.

Conclusion: It's often said that one should not invest merely for saving taxes.

In case of health insurance, which anyhow is not an investment, premium paid not
only buys you health cover but also aids in saving taxes.

In view of the rising
hospital costs, buying a health insurance certainly helps.

Lastly, as health
insurance plans vary a lot in terms of features, make an informed buying
decision.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              254 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Crain's Detroit Business
                                 Print Version

                                 June 16, 2014

HEALTH INSURANCE COMPANIES SEEK MARKETPLACE

SECTION: Pg.

30

LENGTH: 208  words


The state of Michigan said last week that it had received filing information
from 14 health insurance companies that wanted to be included on Michigan's
Health Insurance Marketplace in 2015 - five more than participated last year.

The Michigan Department of Insurance and Financial Services will submit
recommendations for qualified health plans by Aug. 8 to the U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services.

Nearly 273,000 Michigan residents have selected private insurance plans under
the federal health care law, exceeding initial projections by more than 100,000.

Figures released a few weeks ago showed 468,000 eligible to enroll.

The insurers new to the marketplace are:

- Grand Valley Health Plan

- Harbor Health

- Physicians Health Plan

- Time Insurance Co.

- United Healthcare Community Plan/United Healthcare Life Insurance Co.

Renewing are:

- Blue Care Network of Michigan/Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan

- Consumers Mutual Insurance of Michigan

- Health Alliance Plan/Alliance Health and Life Insurance Co.

- Humana Medical Plan of Michigan Inc.

- McLaren Health Plan

- Meridian Health Plan of Michigan Inc.

- Molina Healthcare of Michigan

Priority Health/Priority Health Insurance Co.

- Total Health Care USA

More details can be found at michigan.gov/difs.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CD


                      Copyright 2014 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved

                              255 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Post-Star (Glens Falls, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 26, 2009 Friday

Schumer proposes public health plan

BYLINE: Maury Thompson, The Post-Star, Glens Falls, N.Y.

26--It's not just the uninsured feeling the pain of the health care crisis
anymore, U.S. Sen. Charles Schumer said Thursday.

More than 750,000 New Yorkers who have health insurance still spend more than 25
percent of their pre-tax income on health care costs.

"Unfortunately, health insurance -- you seem to pay more and more, and it covers
less and less.

One of the primary reasons for high health care costs is the lack of competition
between health insurance plans, Schumer said.

Schumer wants to "inject competition" into the marketplace by establishing a
public, nonprofit health plan that would compete with private plans.

The proposed plan would receive a one-time government subsidy to get started and
would then be self-sufficient.

The amount of the subsidy and how the federal government would pay for it has
yet to be determined.

"The essential principle here is competition -- underlined competition.

But in the Glens Falls area, at least, there are more than 40 health insurance
plans offered by various commercial companies, said Todd Shimkus, president and
chief executive officer of the Adirondack Regional Chamber of Commerce.

"The fact here is competition is not an issue, and introducing another plan,
whether it's another private plan or a public plan, doesn't matter," he said.

Shimkus said the solution is to have more government regulation and oversight of
rates and plans.

Schumer said increased regulation won't reduce costs without new competition.

He
said the proposed public plan would have all the same requirements, such as
reserve funds and regulations, as private plans.

A public plan could operate less expensively because the nonprofit entity would
not have to return profits to shareholders, and because it would have lower
salary and overhead costs, he said.

Typically, about 25 percent of the budget for commercial plans is for
administrative costs, compared with 3 percent for the federal Medicare plan for
senior citizens and the disabled, said Dr. John Rugge, executive director of
Hudson Headwaters Health Network, a regional chain of health clinics.

But Medicare does not have the same regulations as private plans, said Leslie
Moran, a spokeswoman for the New York Health Plan Association, a health
insurance industry trade group.

Private health plans in New York also pay $4 billion in taxes annually to
subsidize government health care programs, she said.

Getting the proposed public plan approved in all 50 states, Washington D.C. and
U.S. territories would be a huge undertaking, she said.

"I think he's (Schumer) doing New York state plans a big disservice on a number
of fronts," she said.

Schumer said his proposal for a public plan would not be a government takeover
of health care because people could still buy health insurance from commercial
plans if they wanted to and could afford the coverage.

"So it's not the government running it," he said.

"It's just the government sort
of trying to keep the insurance companies on their toes, honest and
competitive."

Schumer said he also is pushing for another initiative called a "health
exchange," that would be an Internet-based system where consumers could compare
health insurance plans and prices and buy the coverage they prefer.

"You go online (and) look at all the
options available for you.

There will be a lot of details, so you'll know what
they mean and find the one best for you."

Schumer said there does not appear to be a broad base of support for
establishing a single national health insurance plan that covers everyone.

To see more of The Post-Star, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.poststar.com Copyright (c) 2009, The Post-Star, Glens Falls, N.Y.

For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090626-GN-PUBLIC-HEALTH-PLAN-20090626

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GN


                          Copyright 2009 The Post-Star

                              256 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   Mississippi Business Journal (Jackson, MS)

                                February 2, 2009

Plans for nation's health insurance vary: Rep. and Dems.

far apart on healthcare
reform

BYLINE: Clay Chandler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 568  words


One of the major - and most contentious - issues in last fall's Presidential
campaign was the two candidates' approach to reforming the U.S. healthcare
system.

John McCain and Barack Obama differed wildly in their approach.

Republican McCain favored a tax credit that essentially would have allowed
consumers to shop for health insurance on the open market, rather than being
tied to the health insurance offered by their employer.

McCain's approach would have taxed employer-sponsored health insurance as
income, which would have removed the tax exemption granted to the roughly 177
million Americans who receive health insurance through their employers.

McCain
planned to the proposed tax credit to offset that hit.

Obama's plan tilted toward expanding government-issued health insurance.

It
would require employers to provide health benefits to their employees or to
contribute to a new public program, which would resemble the current Medicare
program.

Small employers, along with those who had no employer-sponsored health insurance
, could enroll in the new program, with subsidies available based on income.

Under Obama's plan, all children would be required to have health insurance.

The
Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP) and Medicaid would be expanded.

Since his inauguration Jan. 20, the nearly $900-billion economic stimulus
package has been at the forefront of the first few days of Obama's presidency.

Included in the package is relief for those enrolled in the Cobra health
insurance program and money for the modernization of health records.

In all, $144 billion of the stimulus package is allocated for healthcare.

Financial relief does not represent an overhaul of the U.S. healthcare system.

There still remains the disagreement among party lines over who actually pays
for healthcare beyond the deductible - the government or a health insurance
company.

Republican Sen. Roger Wicker of Mississippi introduced legislation last summer
that would have enacted a plan similar to McCain's.

Included in Wicker's bill
were six steps designed, he said, to eliminate barriers to healthcare that in
turn drive up healthcare costs.

It also limited government involvement that
Wicker claimed would narrow patient choices.

"(This bill) will serve as a pathway to insuring the millions of Americans who
are currently without health insurance," Wicker said in a statement.

Democratic Rep. Bennie Thompson of Mississippi supports a universal healthcare
plan similar to Obama's.

With so many factions supporting the two fundamentally different payer plans,
and with the enormity of the nation's healthcare system, sweeping reform is
unlikely to occur within a short period.

More probable is incremental changes to
the system.

One such attempt at change failed last year in the Mississippi Legislature.

Haley Barbour proposed a health insurance exchange he said would have made
it easier for small businesses and their employees obtain private health
insurance.

It was a rough, state-level version of McCain's national healthcare
plan that would not have tied employees to their employer-sponsored health
insurance.

In his State of the State address Jan. 13, Barbour urged lawmakers to revisit
the issue this session, saying it's the private sector - not government - "that
makes the greatest difference in what happens in our economy. "

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              257 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                    The Sun

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 4, 2013

Deadline for health care enrollment extended

BYLINE: The Trenton Sun staff

LENGTH: 297  words


Local residents interested in obtaining health care insurance coverage through
plans offered by Illinois' Health Insurance Exchange (also known as the Health
Insurance Marketplace) will need to enroll by December 23.

Coverage through
Marketplace insurance plans begins on January 1, 2014.

In an effort to help those who qualify for insurance coverage through the
ACA-sponsored Health Insurance Marketplace, St. Joseph's Hospital (SJH) in
Highland and the Madison County Health Department(MCHD) have teamed up to
provide a community outreach service for local residents and small businesses
who are eligible to enroll in insurance plans available through Illinois' Health
Insurance Marketplace.

A certified application counselor (CAC) is on-site at SJH every week on Tuesdays
and Thursdays, as well as on the third Saturday of every month through March 31,
2014 to provide this community outreach service.

To schedule an appointment with a certified application counselor at SJH, please
call (618) 651-2590.

Before making an appointment with the certified application counselor at SJH,
individuals must consider the following: If an individual already is enrolled in
Medicare, they don't need to enroll in plans in the Health Insurance Marketplace

If an individual already has health insurance coverage through their employer,
or health insurance coverage is available to them through their employer, they
don't need to enroll in plans in the Health Insurance Marketplace

If an individual is unemployed, they can enroll in Marketplace plans

If health insurance premium costs are equal to or greater than 10% of
personal/household income, they may be eligible

For more information, please visit www.stjosephshighland.org.

Copyright 2013 The Sun

                              258 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                           American Advantage Agency

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.americanadvantage.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   American Advantage Agency offers a wide variety of health plans including
individual and family health insurance, group health insurance, HMOs, PPOs, POS,
indemnity plans, short-term health insurance plans, dental health insurance, and
international travel health insurance.

By providing choices for both health
insurance companies, and types of health plans, combined with free online health
insurance quotes and live agent support, we enable you to choose a health
insurance plan that is right for you.

Our simple, no-obligation application
form makes it easy to secure individual and family health insurance quotes
online, and find a health insurance policy that protects your needs and the
needs of your loved ones without burning your pockets!

For details call us and
discuss your requirements with our agents!

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016

                              259 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                              GreatHealthRate.com

                               30113 Forestgrove
                              Willowick,  OH 44095
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (440) 585-5781
URL: www.greathealthrate.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   GreatHealthRate.com is designed to educate and HELP you purchase Individual
Health Insurance, Life Insurance, Family Health Insurance Plans, Short Term
Medical Insurance, and a variety of other insurance products.

Our website has
detailed Individual and Health Insurance quoting, Term Life Insurance quoting,
and insurance plan pricing, applications, etc., You will find information on
Health Insurance PPO plans, HSA Health Insurance Plans, and self employment
information as well.

GreatHealthRate.com Insurance will save you money.

We
operate differently than most typical Life and Health Insurance agencies.

Our
office on the web (our website) is open 24 hours a day, and you can reach a live
licensed agent via phone or email, late every evening, seven days a week.

GreatHealthRate.com is a licensed agency for Ohio Health Insurance, Ohio Term
Life Insurance, Ohio Medicare Supplement Insurance (65+), Ohio Dental Insurance,
Ohio Short Term Health Insurance, Texas Health Insurance, Texas Term Life
Insurance, Texas Medicare Supplement Insurance (65+), Texas Dental Insurance,
Foreign Travel Insurance, and Texas Short Term Health Insurance.

We offer an
alternative to COBRA and other expensive insurance plans.

Our PPO Individual
Health Insurance plans may save you a lot of money in monthly premium.

Legal -
All Health Insurance and Life Insurance application are subject to underwriting
and terms and conditions.

Most information on this website is for informational
purposes only.

Not resp

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016

                              260 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                      IBNS

                     January 7, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Religare Health Insurance launches 'Joy'

BYLINE: India Blooms News Service

LENGTH: 348  words


New Delhi, Jan 7 (IBNS): Religare Health Insurance Co Ltd (RHICL), a specialized
health insurance company, has expanded its bouquet of products with the launch
of a new Health Insurance Policy, 'Joy' that offers cover for maternity and the
new born.

A perfect blend of hospitalization and maternity insurance, Joy offers industrys
shortest waiting period in the retail market of only nine months for
maternity-related insurance claims.

The Maternity Cover includes Pre-natal and
Post-natal periods with pre-hospitalization cover of 30 days and post
hospitalization cover of 60 days.

The insurance policy also covers medical
expenses of the newborn from birth till the completion of 90 days and even
offers a no claim bonanza add-on benefit wherein the sum insured of the policy
would be doubled during renewal, if no claim has been filed during the preceding
year.

Joy comes with an insurance cover of either three lakh rupees or five lakh
rupees.

The insurance policy offers cashless treatment at over 4100 hospitals
across the country and in an emergency, the insurance plan also has the
provision to cover for ambulance-related services.

Commenting on the launch,
Anuj Gulati, MD CEO, Religare Health Insurance Company Limited said, JOY is yet
another comprehensive health insurance plan that has been designed after an in
depth understanding of the requirements during pre and post delivery periods.

Motherhood is perhaps the most joyous experience and this plan will help you
truly enjoy those precious moments without worrying about hospitalization
expenses and other maternity and health needs.

The launch of Joy now takes the
number of retail offerings by Religare Health Insurance to six.

The company
already offers five health insurance products in the retail segment, Care-
Comprehensive Health Insurance, Assure- Critical Illness Personal Accident
Cover, Secure- Personal Accident Cover, Enhance- High Deductible Health
Insurance Plan and Explore - International Travel Insurance.

The company also
offers Group Health Insurance and Group Personal Accident Insurance for
corporates.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


            Copyright 2015 India Blooms., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                              261 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           The Nikkei Weekly (Japan)

                                 March 31, 2003

Cabinet approves draft plan for elderly medical coverage

LENGTH: 264 words


The cabinet approved March 28 a blueprint for medical reform focusing on the
creation of a new health insurance plan for people 75 or older.

The proposal is intended to require senior citizens, who are constant users of
medical services under the public health insurance program, shoulder more costs
and thus ease the burden on younger generations, with a view to returning the
nation's public health insurance system to a sound financial footing.

The ministry aims to implement the plan in fiscal 2008.

The plan will be funded by existing health insurance programs and government
subsidies, as well as premiums paid by participants.

The blueprint further recommends funneling funds from a health insurance program
for salaried people to support a plan for self-employed and retired people that
has many subscribers aged 65-74, an age group that also use medical insurance
more often than those still working.

Among other proposals in the draft reform plan is to shift the management of the
health insurance program for self-employed and retired people to prefectural
governments from city, town or village authorities.

The blueprint also recommends putting another health insurance scheme mainly for
employees of smaller companies under the control of prefectural governments
instead of the central government.

It seeks to integrate, as much as possible, health insurance societies
comprising employees of large companies under individual prefectures.

However, the draft plan largely avoided specifics, such as what entity will
administer the new insurance program.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2003 Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Inc.

                              262 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             August 12, 2011 Friday
                             Politifact.com Edition

PAWLENTY SAYS OBAMACARE IS PATTERNED AFTER ROMNEYCARE

BYLINE: ANGIE DROBNIC HOLAN

SECTION: POLITIFACT

LENGTH: 997 words


"Obamacare was patterned after (Mitt Romney's) plan in Massachusetts."

Tim Pawlenty on Thursday, August 11th, 2011 in a debate in Ames, Iowa

* * *

THE RULING: TRUE

He calls it "Obamneycare."

That's the word that candidate Tim Pawlenty uses to express the similarity
between the 2010 national health care law signed by President Barack Obama and
the 2006 Massachusetts health care law signed by then-Gov.

Pawlenty, a former two-term governor of Minnesota, hesitated to push that attack
during a debate in June.

"Obamacare was patterned after Mitt's plan in Massachusetts.

And for Mitt or
anyone else to say that there aren't substantial similarities or they're not
essentially the same plan, it just isn't credible.

So that's why I called it
Obamneycare, and I think that's a fair label, and I'm happy to call it that
again tonight," Pawlenty said.

So are the national health plan and the Massachusetts plan that similar?

We've explored their similarities before in previous fact-checks, when liberals
have made similar statements defending the Obama plan against critics who
labeled it extreme.

We'll review the two plans' similarities again here.

- Individual mandate to buy health insurance.

Everyone in Massachusetts must
purchase health insurance or else pay a penalty; the same goes for the federal
plan, though the penalty structures vary between the two.

- Employer responsibilities for offering health insurance.

Companies with more
than 10 employees in Massachusetts need to offer health insurance or else pay a
penalty.

The federal law sets the bar for companies at 50 employees, though
technically the bill isn't quite a mandate.

Instead, employers pay fines only if
their workers qualify for tax credits to buy insurance.

- Health insurance exchanges.

Both the Massachusetts and national plans involve
the use of voluntary "exchanges" that individuals and small businesses can use
to purchase private-sector health insurance.

These exchanges are designed to
offer a range of plans with different benefits and premium levels.

- Affordability subsidies.

Under both plans, lower-income individuals and
families can receive government subsidies to help them pay their health
insurance premiums.

In the Massachusetts plan, subsidies are allotted on a
sliding scale up to 300 percent of the federal poverty level.

Under the national
plan, the sliding-scale subsidies go up to 400 percent of the federal poverty
level.

The Massachusetts plan expands Medicaid to all children
up to 300 percent of the federal poverty level.

The federal plan also expands
Medicaid, but in a different fashion, offering it to all individuals (not just
children) up to 133 percent of the federal poverty level.

- Insurance market regulation.

Both plans restructure the insurance market, in
similar but slightly different ways.

They handle the individual and small-group
markets differently.

In Massachusetts, dependents up to age 25 can be covered on
their parents' plan, while the federal law allows such dependent coverage up to
age 26.

Critics of the Massachusetts plan have taken it to task for
its lack of cost-containment provisions.

The federal law makes changes to
Medicare that are intended to lower program costs, such as restructuring how
payments are made to Medicare Advantage plans -- the HMO option under Medicare.

Since Medicare is a federal program, the Massachusetts plan does not address
this issue.

Both the Massachusetts plan and federal law are financed in part by
revenue generated from the individual and employer mandates.

But the
Massachusetts plan's financing is heavily dependent on leveraging federal
matching funds, while the federal law, in addition to cost savings from
Medicare, imposes taxes on drugmakers, device manufacturers, health insurers and
indoor tanning services.

It also taxes high-cost ("Cadillac") health care plans.

The Massachusetts plan does not do any of these things.

We should note that the plans are so similar, we made a quiz, selecting passages
from each plan to see if our readers could tell the difference.

Pawlenty said that "Obamacare was patterned after Mitt's plan in Massachusetts."

In rating that statement, we noticed that Pawlenty phrased his statement
carefully.

He didn't say it was the same plan, but instead said that the
national law was "patterned" after the Massachusetts law, and they had
"substantial similarities."

He's correct that the plans, thought not completely
identical, are very similar in structure.

They both require everyone to have
health insurance or pay a penalty; they both leave the current insurance system
in place; they both expand coverage for the uninsured through subsidies or
Medicaid.

Because his statement accurately categorized the plans as similar --
but not exactly the same -- we rate Pawlenty's statement True.

Subjects: Health Care

Sources: Fox News, Republican candidates debate, Aug. 11, 2011, accessed via CQ
Transcriptswire; PolitiFact, Krugman calls Senate health care bill similar to
law in Massachusetts, Feb. 4, 2010; PolitiFact Texas, Howard Dean says the
health care bill that President Barack Obama signed is like the one Mitt Romney
signed as the governor of Massachusetts, Dec. 5, 2010;

Kaiser Family Foundation, summary of new health reform law, accessed May 28,
2011; Kaiser Family Foundation, summary of Massachusetts health reform law,
September 2009; The Boston Globe, Countdown to coverage, June 18, 2007; E-mail
interview with Dr. Jonathan Gruber of MIT, May 18, 2011

Researched by: Angie Drobnic Holan, Louis Jacobson, Ciara O'Rourke

Edited by: Bill Adair

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (2) PHOTO: Former Minnesota Gov.

Tim Pawlenty was one of eight
candidates to take part in a debate in Ames, Iowa, on Aug. 11, 2011.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2011 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                              263 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                    September 10, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Hospitality Industry Health Insurance Trust Offers New, Improved Plans With
Extended PPO Network

LENGTH: 270  words


Sept. 10 -- US-based Hospitality Industry Health Insurance Trust issued the
following news release:

The Hospitality Industry Health Insurance Trust (H.I.H.I.T.

), who specializes in
providing health insurance to restaurant and hotel employers, recently announced
their new and improved plans.

These new plans include an extended PPO network,
and employer flexibility for contribution and participation.

With healthcare reform affecting so many hotels and restaurants, these new plans
with industry specific flexibility will be essential for the hospitality to get
through the healthcare reform changes unscathed.

The performance-based health plan (PPO) is from a H.I.H.I.T.

This brand new plan aims to drive employee engagement in healthy
behavior and better health care choices by offering preferred pricing for higher
performing providers.

Because H.I.H.I.T.

solely serves the hospitality industry, all their resources
and knowledge are abundant and thorough.

They understand that health insurance
for this industry is unlike any other, and H.I.H.I.T.

strives to be the go-to
source for healthcare related topics and healthcare reform.

Plus, each client's plan is reviewed in detail to ensure it's the
best fit for their unique situation.

H.I.H.I.T decided to employ these new plans with the mission to help companies
in the restaurant and lodging industry to save time and be compliant, while
providing the absolute best health insurance to employees.

Source: Hospitality Industry Health Insurance Trust

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                              264 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                      May 14, 2002 Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

City workers able to keep care provider;
 Health plan changes made

BYLINE: Nick Kotsopoulos; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg.

B1

LENGTH: 675 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER



- Municipal employees have won their fight to retain Blue Cross and Blue Shield
as one of their health insurance providers.

However, there will be some changes to their plans.

Janice Borg Silverman, the city's director of human resources, said the city
intends to move forward with a plan that will include Blue Cross and Fallon
Community Health Plan as the health insurance providers for active and retired
municipal employees.

She said the plan will result in a $10.2 million increase in the city's health
insurance costs for the fiscal year that begins July 1.

That is $900,000 less
than what the health insurance increase would have been had there been a
''status quo enrollment'' with no plan design changes.

For the current fiscal year, the city's health insurance costs are expected to
reach about $35 million.

City officials had originally hoped to cap the health insurance increase for
next year at $4 million to $4.5 million and wanted to drop Blue Cross as a
health insurance provider.

But that was adamantly opposed by the employee unions
and retirees.

''We have had limited success in plan design changes, and no success with
employee contribution changes,'' Ms. Silverman wrote in a report to City Manager
Thomas R. Hoover.

The plan changes include the following:

Blue Choice will have a $5 office visit co-payment, from the current $3
co-payment, and emergency room visits will cost $50.

The current co-payment for
emergency room visits is $25.

Medex will have a new $250 annual deductible for retail prescription drugs.

Retirees covered under that program currently have a $35 per quarter deductible.

The co-payment for mail-away prescription drugs will be $10 for generic and $20
for name brand, both for 90-day supplies.

That is an increase from the current
$2 co-payment for generic and $15 for name brand drugs.

There will be no changes to the Fallon plan for active employees and qualified
retirees, the Fallon Senior Plan, or the Blue Cross Master Medical Plan, Ms.
Silverman said.

She added, however, the city has concerns with its existing Blue Care 65 Plan --
a Medicare supplement plan in which more than 600 retirees are enrolled.

She
said there has been significant provider disruption lately because of the
termination of the contract with physicians at Chadwick Medical Associates.

The city has also been notified of the intention of UMass Memorial Healthcare to
terminate its contract with Blue Care 65 in January.

As a result, Ms. Silverman
said, the city has explored options to replace Blue Care 65.

''We have found what we believe to be a far richer plan in terms of benefits and
service co-payments in the Managed Blue for Seniors Plan,'' Ms. Silverman said.

''This plan, however, is more expensive than the existing Blue Care 65 Plan, and
is priced accordingly.''

Instead of footing the bill for 84 percent ($193.73) of the monthly Blue Care 65
premium, the city will be paying 75 percent ($191.90) of monthly premium for
Managed Blue for Seniors.

Ms. Silverman said she believes the increased cost to retirees will be more than
offset by the enhanced benefits they will receive under the new plan.

The open enrollment period for employees and retirees to sign up for health
insurance will begin Monday and run through June 7.

Ms. Silverman said open
enrollment notices will be mailed to all employees and retirees on Friday.

She
said the notices will include additional information on plan changes, new
premiums and educational seminars.

But because no
agreement could be reached between the city and the employee unions on health
insurance carriers, it was delayed.

Because of that delay, the city will be unable to implement the new premiums in
June.

As a result, the city will be stopping premium deductions from June
paychecks, and deducting an additional one-half premium during July and August
in order to make up that deficit, Ms. Silverman said.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2002 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.

                              265 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 20, 2015 Friday

New York: New Student Health Insurance Plan and Policy Introduced

LENGTH: 824  words

DATELINE: Albany


Syracuse University, The State of New York has issued the following News
release:

In accordance with the federal Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of
2010 (ACA), Syracuse University will be offering a new student health insurance
plan as of Aug. 1.

The plan offering coincides with a revised University
policy--to be phased in over the next two years--requiring that all full-time
students carry some form of ACA-compliant health insurance.

The policy change brings Syracuse in line with policies already in place at
nearly every other private college and university in the United States.

The decision, based on the recommendations of the University's Student Health
Insurance Advisory Committee, is designed to ensure students have the health
coverage vital to their well-being and to meet the requirements of the new
health care reforms.

"Our current health insurance plan was unsustainable as it was," says Senior
Vice President and Dean of Student Affairs Rebecca Reed Kantrowitz.

"To provide
all students with access to an affordable, ACA-compliant plan, we needed to
assess different options to ensure no student was left underinsured and at risk
of jeopardizing their education or financial stability.

The advisory committee, which spent 18 months assessing the impact of health
care reform on the University's existing program and exploring student health
insurance options, recommended Syracuse adopt this higher education best
practice.

Doing so will ensure full-time students have adequate, ACA-compliant
health insurance during their time at Syracuse.

Under the ACA, students must
maintain health insurance or pay a penalty to the federal government.

While all students can access health care services through University Health
Services, Syracuse University has long encouraged students to maintain health
insurance coverage for medical emergencies and hospitalization.

Nevertheless, a
survey conducted by the University indicates that while the vast majority of
students already carry appropriate coverage, some students still come to campus
either uninsured or underinsured.

With this new policy, the University wants to
make sure that students are prepared for any medical situation and their
continued well-being and success while at Syracuse is the priority.

Starting August 1, the plan will be available to all students.

However in the
2015-16 academic year only full-time students new to the University--including
undergraduate, graduate and law, along with all full-time international students
and all graduate Fellows, will be affected by the requirement.

Those students
will be required to demonstrate proof of appropriate existing coverage prior to
registration for classes or adopt the student health insurance plan through
Aetna Student Health.

The premium for this improved plan is less than $2,000 a
year--a significant reduction from what's currently available through the
federal government's health exchange marketplace, as well as the University's
current plan, which is being discontinued.

Beginning in the fall of 2016, all full-time, matriculated students will be
required to demonstrate proof of appropriate health insurance coverage upon
registering for classes.

This can include insurance provided through a parent's
family plan, through an employer, health care exchange or other source.

Those
without qualifying coverage will be required to enroll in the University's
student health insurance plan.

Director of Health Services Ben Domingo, co-chair of the advisory committee,
says when uninsured or inadequately insured students face health concerns or
financial barriers to accessing health care services off campus, their ability
to pursue their education is greatly impacted.

"We all know the kind of stress a serious medical event can place on a student
and his or her family," Domingo says.

"We have an obligation to ensure our
students are healthy when they arrive on campus and that they continue to have
appropriate access to emergency care and specialty care when needed throughout
their years in Syracuse."

Karen Morrissey, executive director of Human Resources Operations and co-chair
of the advisory committee, says there have been students in the past who have
delayed seeking proper medical treatment because they did not have adequate
insurance coverage.

"Students' well-being is our top priority, and we want to be
sure no student is ever faced with a situation where he or she must assume an
added financial burden because of an unexpected medical event," Morrissey says.

To assist students with these changes and to provide more details on the new
student health insurance plan and proof of insurance requirement, informational
sessions are scheduled for Tuesday, April 14, from 6-7 p.m. and Wednesday, April
15, from 5:30-6:30 p.m. in Grant Auditorium.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              266 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                          Health Insurance Connecticut

                                    Box 896
                             Ridgefield,  CT 06877
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (800) 870-6881
URL: healthinsurance.freeservers.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Health Insurance Connecticut now offers Connecticut instant online Health
Insurance quotes.

You now have access to online Connecticut insurance quotes for
Health Insurance, Short Term Medical, Student Insurance, Dental Insurance,
Vision, and Prescription Drugs.

Online health insurance quotes are available for
Individual, Family, and Self Employed.

Group health insurance Connecticut quotes
are available.

Due to the diversity of Group plans, you would need to
personally, contact us for the Group Connecticut Health Insurance quotes.

Online
International Medical Insurance quotes and online International Travel Insurance
quotes are now available.

After researching all Connecticut Health Insurance
plans and Companies, we are committed in providing you with low price, quality,
stability, confidence, and service.

The Insurance Companies are licensed with
the Connecticut Insurance Department and rated with Standard and Poors, A.M.
Best, and Moody's.

Health Insurance Connecticut provides affordable instant
online medical insurance Connecticut quotes.

Health Insurance Connecticut has
taken the time and efforts in providing you with the most affordable low cost
Connecticut health insurance plans.

With the multitude of individual Connecticut
health insurance plans, options, and Companies, we have listed the most popular
individual health insurance plans.

All State of Connecticut Insurance Department
approved individual major medical health insurance policies are listed.

We
provide assi

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016

                              267 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                          Best Health Insurance Plans

                           6161 Oak Tree Blvd.

South
                              Cleveland,  OH 44131
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.best-health-insurance-plans.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Best Health Insurance Plans is a free service designed to deliver the best
health insurance quotes directly to you.

We work to save you time, money and
effort in obtaining the best policy.

Best Health Insurance Plans is not an
insurance company or agent, nor does it sell health insurance directly to the
consumer.

You will be contacted by an insurance professional with the best offer
to meet your needs.

Click on the "get a health insurance quote" button to start
the process.

Best Health Insurance Plans values your privacy.

Your quote
information will be forwarded directly to an insurance professional, and will
not be distributed through other outlets.

Best Health Insurance Plans does not
participate in mailing lists.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016

                              268 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                        May 30, 2017 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

New AgileHealthInsurance.com Technology Helps Consumers Keep Short-Term Health
Insurance when Transitions Last Longer Than Expected

LENGTH: 542  words


May 30 -- Short-term health insurance plays a vital role for consumers going
through transitions, and AgileHealthInsurance.com has just made it easier for
people to keep short-term health coverage when it's needed for longer than
expected.

For more than 30 years, people have relied on short-term health
insurance in a range of situations, including workers who are in between jobs,
children and spouses no longer eligible under an employer-sponsored plan, and
college graduates and students who need coverage for the summer.

When transitions take longer than expected or exceed the term of the initial
short-term plan, consumers must reapply for new short-term coverage.

Previously,
this process was burdensome to consumers, requiring them to navigate complex
state regulations and time-consuming insurance company-specific applications.

However, AgileHealthInsurance.com has streamlined the application process so
consumers can select the same plan as their current one or apply for a different
plan, all online and in just a few minutes.

Agile's innovative process is
designed to help consumers avoid lapses in coverage, as well as overlapping
premiums with multiple plans and offers a hassle-free experience for consumers.

"Sometimes it's hard to predict how low long you'll need short-term health
insurance coverage, and a lapse of creditable health insurance coverage is a
serious concern for consumers," said Bruce Telkamp, founder and CEO of
AgileHealthInsurance.com.

"AgileHealthInsurance.com's proprietary technology has
simplified the shopping, application and now the reapplication process so
consumers have access to the short-term health plan they need and for as long as
they need it.

We are proud to be the leader in bringing affordable health
insurance solutions to consumers online."

Despite its affordable premiums, short-term coverage includes major medical
benefits, such as doctor and specialist visits, hospitalization, emergency care
and drug discounts.

Most short-term plans include broad networks or no
in-network requirement so people can see providers anywhere in the country.

Eligibility requirements and flexibility in benefits contribute to the cost
savings realized by consumers.

These plans are not for everyone, but answering
five to seven questions about your health condition will tell you if you
qualify.

If short-term coverage is needed for less than three consecutive months
within a year, enrollees are not subject to the "shared responsibility tax"
under the Affordable Care Act.

Short-term health insurance is considered "creditable coverage" under the Health
Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), which is very important
when you are transitioning from one group plan to another, such as an
employer-based plan.

Under federal law, if you have a gap in insurance coverage
longer than 63 days, your subsequent employer-based plan can impose a wait
period of several months before you will be insured for these conditions.

That
is why it's important to have continuous health coverage under a "creditable"
plan, such as short-term health insurance.

To learn more about term health insurance, visit AgileHealthInsurance's Learning
Center at www.AgileHealthInsurance.com.

Source: AgileHealthInsurance.com

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2017 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                              269 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            January 22, 2012 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

HEALTH PLANS CAN BE TAILORED

BYLINE: Roger Stark Special to The Spokesman-Review

SECTION: B; Pg.

9

LENGTH: 624 words


Health insurance premiums have been increasing much faster than the cost of
living.

A new ruling from the federal government has the ability to lower these
insurance premium costs.

The Department of Health and Human Services recently announced that states could
determine the cost and scope of health coverage offered in the new federally
mandated state insurance exchanges.

This is potentially great news and a
cost-saver for Washingtonians who purchase health insurance in the individual or
small-group market.

State-based insurance exchanges are one of the main features of the new federal
health care reform legislation (the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act,
or PPACA).

Under current law, they must be in place and running by 2014.

Workers
earning up to 400 percent of the federal poverty level ($89,000 per year for a
family of four) who purchase health insurance in the exchanges will be eligible
for taxpayer-financed subsidies to help cover the cost of their insurance.

The PPACA originally gave the federal government the responsibility of
determining the levels of benefit coverage sold within the exchanges.

There
needed to be at least four levels of benefits with a fifth high-deductible plan
for young adults under the age of 30.

After the recent HHS ruling, states now have the responsibility to set these
coverage levels.

States, not the federal government, must determine what benefit
and provider mandates should be included in the various plans offered in the
exchange.

Plans offered outside of the exchange must essentially be identical to
plans offered within the exchange.

The PPACA also mandates that every adult in the country must purchase health
insurance by 2014 or pay a fine or tax.

This individual mandate will be enforced
by the Internal Revenue Service.

Estimates show that approximately 700,000
Washingtonians will be newly insured and will buy their health insurance in the
exchange.

Ultimately up to 1.5 million people in Washington will access their
health insurance through the exchange.

Washington state now has 58 benefit and provider mandates required in every
individual health insurance plan sold in the state.

Studies show that each of
these mandates adds, on average, 0.5 to 1.5 percent to the cost of any given
plan.

The reality is that consumers do not necessarily want or need all of these
mandates.

For example, why should a 26-year-old single man be forced to pay for maternity
coverage?

Why should women be forced to pay for prostate cancer screening?

These
mandates not only increase the cost of insurance but also reduce the choice of
insurance plans for consumers.

This new HHS ruling allows Washington state officials to redesign the entire
list of health insurance plans offered to the public.

Within a few federal
guidelines, the state now has a clean slate to develop an array of affordable
plans that can be tailored to the specific needs of patients - young and old,
men and women, families and single people.

As required by state legislation, Gov.

Chris Gregoire recently appointed an
eight-member independent board to oversee creation of the Washington insurance
exchange.

This board will determine the plans and benefit levels people are
allowed to buy through our state exchange.

The board should act in a nonpartisan fashion and should design a range of
plans, from low-priced catastrophic, high-deductible plans to expensive
full-benefit, first-dollar coverage.

The citizens of Washington state would then
have real choice in how much coverage and how much they must pay for their
health insurance.

Allowing multiple levels of benefit plans would hold costs
down for patients and would also save money for taxpayers who must provide the
subsidies for users of the exchange.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Dr. Roger Stark is a retired surgeon and a health care policy analyst at
the Washington Policy Center, a nonpartisan policy research organization in
Washington state.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Spokane Spokesman-Review

                              270 of 999 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                            WMI - Business Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data.

The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

August 3, 2017

                       Takaful Emarat - Insurnace (P.S.C)

                               New Century Tower
                                     DUBAI
                              United Arab Emirates

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

COMPANY OVERVIEW


   Takaful Emarat - Insurnace (P.S.C) (Takaful Emarat) is an Islamic insurance
company.

The company provides a range of takaful insurance products for
individuals and corporate clients.

Its portfolio of products include whole-life
plan, wealth plan, education plan, level term plan, decreasing term plan,
personal accident plan, travel insurance plan, retirement plan, group life plan
and group credit life plan.

Furthermore, the company offers health insurance
products, which comprise individual and group health plans.

Takaful Emarat
distributes its products through a network of brokers, bancassurance channel and
direct sales force in the UAE.

The company reported gross contribution written of AED402.8 million in
FY2015, as compared with AED169.5 million in FY2014.

It recorded net earned
contributions of AED319.9 million in FY2015, as compared with AED98.2 million in
FY2014.

BUSINESS DESCRIPTION:



Takaful Emarat is a provider of takaful insurance products.

The company offers
life and health insurance products for individuals and corporate clients.

It
also provides credit and savings insurance plans.

Takaful Emarat distributes its
products through network of brokers, bancassurance channel and direct sales
force.

The company has its branch offices in Dubai, Abu Dhabi and Sharjah.

Takaful Emarat classifies its business operations into two reportable divisions:
Takaful and Investment.

The company's Takaful division is focused on underwriting takaful products such
as health insurance, life insurance and, credit and savings plans.

It is further
classified into two sub-divisions: Life and Medical.

The Life sub-division
provides life insurance products for individuals and corporates.

The individual
life insurance products include Al Moyassara plan, wealth plan, whole-life plan,
level term plan, education plan, retirement plan, decreasing term plan, and
travel insurance plan.

The corporate life insurance plans offered by the company
consist of group life and group credit life plans.

The Life sub-division
accounted for 13.3% of the division's total revenues in FY2014.

The Medical
sub-division of the company provides health insurance products for individuals
and corporates, including individual health insurance and group health insurance
plans.

The Medical sub-division accounted for 86.7% of the division's total
revenues in FY2015.

In FY2015, the Takaful division reported revenues of
AED377.9 million, accounting for 98.3% of the company's total revenues.

The Investment division of the company focuses on investment and cash management
of its own account.

In FY2015, Investment sub division has not contributed revenue towards the
division's total revenue, where as other sub divisions accounted 100% toward the
division's total revenues.

In FY2015, the Investment division reported revenues
of AED6.7 million, accounting for 1.7% of the company's total revenues.

22

LENGTH: 486  words


The health and well-being of yourself and your family is of the utmost
importance, and like most people you probably don't want to make any compromises
or take any chances when it comes to protecting your health or that of your
loved ones.

Permanent health insurance coverage is an effective way to provide the whole
family with peace of mind and protection, providing access to a wealth of health
services should the need arise.

Some people are lucky in that they get free health insurance coverage through
their employer as a benefit of the job.

However, for those that do not have this
coverage, and for those that want to provide coverage for the whole family, it
is important to look into the range of available plans and start this protective
health coverage as soon as possible.

Nobody knows when illness, disease, or medical emergencies are going to arise,
but with suitable coverage in place you can be sure that your health needs will
be addressed.

Types of Health Insurance Plans; There are a number of different plans available
for those looking for health insurance coverage.

You can opt for an individual
plan if the coverage is just for yourself.

If you have a partner, you can opt
for joint coverage, and if you also have a family you could go for family
coverage.

This often works out cheaper than taking out individual plans for each
member of the household, and ensures that your loved ones are all covered with
the same level of protection.

When looking into taking out permanent health insurance you need to pay careful
attention to what each plan actually covers before you make any commitment.

Some
plans will cover medical needs only, whereas more comprehensive plans will also
cover dental and optical care.

With a comprehensive permanent health insurance
plan you can expect benefits such as:

"Physician care

"Hospital care (as in-patient or out-patient)

"Dental, optical, and aural care

"Prescription benefits

"Surgery and major medical benefits

Insurance Costs vs. Benefits; As with any other type of insurance, the more
comprehensive plans will also cost more in premiums, but at the same time will
also provide a higher degree of protection and peace of mind.

It is very
important to read the policy in full before committing, as many health insurance
plans contain a lot of exclusions.

You may find that you are not covered for certain problems or in certain
situations, and if you have a pre-existing condition you may also find that this
is not covered under the policy.

If you have any concerns about the policy that
you are thinking of taking, you should address these with the insurer before you
make your decision.

Providing that you are happy with the terms and conditions as well as the
benefits and exclusions of the insurance plan, permanent health insurance
coverage will provide you with an affordable and effective way to protect the
health and well being of yourself and your family.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 The Financial Daily
                              All Rights Reserved

                              272 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Financial Daily

                            January 22, 2013 Tuesday

A Word from Editor

LENGTH: 486  words


The health and well-being of yourself and your family is of the utmost
importance, and like most people you probably don't want to make any compromises
or take any chances when it comes to protecting your health or that of your
loved ones.

Permanent health insurance coverage is an effective way to provide the whole
family with peace of mind and protection, providing access to a wealth of health
services should the need arise.

Some people are lucky in that they get free health insurance coverage through
their employer as a benefit of the job.

However, for those that do not have this
coverage, and for those that want to provide coverage for the whole family, it
is important to look into the range of available plans and start this protective
health coverage as soon as possible.

Nobody knows when illness, disease, or medical emergencies are going to arise,
but with suitable coverage in place you can be sure that your health needs will
be addressed.

Types of Health Insurance Plans; There are a number of different plans available
for those looking for health insurance coverage.

You can opt for an individual
plan if the coverage is just for yourself.

If you have a partner, you can opt
for joint coverage, and if you also have a family you could go for family
coverage.

This often works out cheaper than taking out individual plans for each
member of the household, and ensures that your loved ones are all covered with
the same level of protection.

When looking into taking out permanent health insurance you need to pay careful
attention to what each plan actually covers before you make any commitment.

Some
plans will cover medical needs only, whereas more comprehensive plans will also
cover dental and optical care.

With a comprehensive permanent health insurance
plan you can expect benefits such as:

"Physician care

"Hospital care (as in-patient or out-patient)

"Dental, optical, and aural care

"Prescription benefits

"Surgery and major medical benefits

Insurance Costs vs. Benefits; As with any other type of insurance, the more
comprehensive plans will also cost more in premiums, but at the same time will
also provide a higher degree of protection and peace of mind.

It is very
important to read the policy in full before committing, as many health insurance
plans contain a lot of exclusions.

You may find that you are not covered for certain problems or in certain
situations, and if you have a pre-existing condition you may also find that this
is not covered under the policy.

If you have any concerns about the policy that
you are thinking of taking, you should address these with the insurer before you
make your decision.

Providing that you are happy with the terms and conditions as well as the
benefits and exclusions of the insurance plan, permanent health insurance
coverage will provide you with an affordable and effective way to protect the
health and well being of yourself and your family.

8 Newly Named AHIP Unveils New Health Reform
Initiative

LENGTH: 453 words

DATELINE: Washington


Under the new name "America's Health Insurance Plans," the association formerly
known as AAHP-HIAA unveiled a new, integrated policy initiative aimed at
achieving comprehensive health care reform.

"This is a new way of thinking about how to improve health care," says Karen
Ignagni, president of the Washington-based AHIP.

"The more we work on these
issues, the more we understand that the priorities of quality, access and
affordability are closely interrelated, and that progress in one area can yield
significant results elsewhere."

Ignagni spoke at a press briefing announcing the association's new name.

AHIP is
the new association formed by the merger of the American Association of Health
Plans and the Health Insurance Association of America.

Ignagni says AHIP's new policy initiative represents a first-of-its-kind effort
that links all the elements of health care reform into a comprehensive program.

AHIP, Ignagni says, is not pursuing specific legislation at this time because
legislating is a multiyear effort.

Rather, she says, AHIP wants to discuss the
policy initiative with as many stakeholders as possible to develop partnerships
aimed at achieving reform.

The first component of the new policy is improved quality, Ignagni says, adding
that the nation must invest in quality research and advance evidence-based
medicine.

She says the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality will receive only $303
million in funding during 2004, which is just 1% of the budget of the National
Institutes of Health.

In addition, Ignagni says, research must be made more transparent and accessible
for both providers and consumers.

As for evidence-based medicine, Ignagni notes that AHIP has asked every state
that requires external review of health plan decisions to base those reviews on
evidence-based medicine.

The second component is access, she says, and AHIP believes the uninsured
population must be "disaggregated" so policies can be targeted at the specific
element causing people to be uninsured.

According to the policy initiative, a variety of approaches are needed to reduce
the number of uninsured Americans, including creation of high-risk health pools,
bridge loans to help workers maintain their coverage when they become
unemployed, public programs for those living below the poverty line and tax
incentives for higher income workers who are uninsured.

The third component, Ignagni says, is affordability.

This includes, she says,
legal reform as well as an examination of the impact of mandates on health care
costs.

"This is a new way of thinking about how to improve health care."

--AHIP President Karen Ignagni

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2004 The National Underwriter Company

                              274 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    June 28, 1989, Wednesday, Final Edition

House Bill Conjures Up A 'Phantom' Premium;
Aim Is to Temper Rise in Health Plan Costs

BYLINE: Judith Havemann, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A21; THE FEDERAL PAGE

LENGTH: 447 words


Washington is accustomed to phantom voters, phantom income and phantom
employees, but the House yesterday passed legislation to create a novel member
of the ghost family -- the phantom health insurance premium.

The House bill is designed to keep federal workers from facing a big jump in
health insurance costs next year.

The Senate is considering a similiar measure.

The administration is opposed.

The "phantom" health insurance premium was drafted as a temporary two-year
measure while the troubled government health insurance system undergoes
revision.

The need for such a phantom device arises because Aetna Life Insurance Co.
recently pulled out of the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program.

The government, under law, averages the premiums of six health plans and pays 60
percent of that figure per enrollee.

Aetna was one of the "big six" plans.

Aetna's premiums have been high in comparison to those of some other plans
because it has tended to insure people who incur more medical bills.

The bill, introduced by Rep. William D. Ford (D-Mich.), essentially directs the
government to proceed as if Aetna were still part of the government insurance
system, raising rates by the same average amount as the remaining big five
plans.

Ford said federal workers, their families and retirees who participate in the
federal health insurance program would have to pay $ 600 million more in
premiums next year if action is not taken.

Ford said federal workers face a 15 percent increase in health insurance costs
in any case.

Without the "phantom" health plan, increases might total 32
percent, Ford said.

The Office of Management and Budget opposed the bill, saying it "relies on a
highly artificial 'phantom' premium based on the premium of a no-longer
participating plan."

OMB said the administration will "shortly" propose a premium stabilization
formula without "resorting to the creation of a phantom premium and without
increasing the burden for current .

enrollees."

OMB last year proposed cutting back on government contributions to the health
insurance program as a cost-saving measure.

The administration said the "big
six" contribution formula should be changed because only 30 percent of federal
employees choose the "big six" insurance companies.

More than 400 insurance plans are included in the federal health insurance
system around the world.

Workers in Washington have a choice of about 25 plans.

"This is still a stopgap solution to the federal health insurance mess," Ford
said.

"It is obvious that the federal health insurance program is in need of
major reform."

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post

                              275 of 999 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2016 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                 WMI - Mergers & Acquisitions and Partnerships

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data.

The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

September 29, 2016

                              Indian Overseas Bank

                                 763 Anna Salai
                                 Chennai 600002
                                     India

* * * * * * * * * * MERGERS AND ACQUISITIONS AND PARTNERSHIPS * * * * * * * * *
*


DEAL TITLE:  Apollo Munich Health Insurance Partners with Indian Overseas Bank
DEAL TYPE:  Partnership
DEAL SUB-TYPE:  Affinity Marketing
DEAL SUB-TYPE:  Affinity Marketing
DEAL STATUS:  Completed
ANNOUNCED DATE:  2015-02-19
DEAL IN BRIEF:  Apollo Munich Health Insurance Company Limited (AMHI), a
provider of health, accident, and travel insurance solutions, has partnered with
Indian Overseas Bank to provide specialized health and personal accident
products to Indian Overseas Bank's customers.

Indian Overseas Bank is an Indian
banking products and services provider.

Through the partnership, Indian Overseas
Bank will sell Apollo Munich's products under the 'GO HEALTH with an expert'
campaign across the country in over 3,350 branches of the bank.

Apollo Munich
Health Insurance will offer customized products with sum insured ranging from
INR0.3 million (USD0.004 million) to INR1 million (USD0.01 million) to Indian
Overseas Bank's customers.

PARTICIPANT COMPANIES INFORMATION:  Apollo Munich Health Insurance Company
Limited Target Apollo Munich Health Insurance Company Ltd. (Apollo Munich) is a
health insurance provider.

The company offers a range of health insurance plans
to individuals, families and senior citizens.

Its product portfolio includes
health insurance plans, travel insurance plans and personal accident insurance
plans.

Its service portfolio includes rider services, claims settlement
services, insurance advisory services, health consultation services over phone
and cashless hospitalization services.

The company sells and distributes its
insurance products and services through a network of branch offices,
banassurance channel, insurance advisors, travel agencies and Apollo Hospitals.

Apollo Munich was formerly known as Apollo DKV Insurance Company Limited.

Apollo
Munich is a joint venture between India based Apollo Hospitals Group and Germany
based reinsurance company Munich Re Group.

In FY2015, the company reported premium earned of INR6,558.8
million, representing an increase of 20.7% over FY2014.

COMPANY NAME:  Apollo Munich Health Insurance Company Limited
INVOLVEMENT TYPE:  Target
COMPANY OVERVIEW:  Apollo Munich Health Insurance Company Ltd. (Apollo Munich)
is a health insurance provider.

The company offers a range of health insurance
plans to individuals, families and senior citizens.

Its product portfolio
includes health insurance plans, travel insurance plans and personal accident
insurance plans.

Its service portfolio includes rider services, claims
settlement services, insurance advisory services, health consultation services
over phone and cashless hospitalization services.

The company sells and
distributes its insurance products and services through a network of branch
offices, banassurance channel, insurance advisors, travel agencies and Apollo
Hospitals.

Apollo Munich was formerly known as Apollo DKV Insurance Company
Limited.

Apollo Munich is a joint venture between India based Apollo Hospitals
Group and Germany based reinsurance company Munich Re Group.

In FY2015, the company reported premium earned
of INR6,558.8 million, representing an increase of 20.7% over FY2014.

DEAL TITLE:  Indian Overseas Bank partners with Visa
DEAL TYPE:  Partnership
DEAL SUB-TYPE:  Affinity Marketing
DEAL SUB-TYPE:  Affinity Marketing
DEAL STATUS:  Completed
ANNOUNCED DATE:  2014-01-03
DEAL IN BRIEF:  Indian Overseas Bank (IOB), an Indian provider of personal,
commercial and retail banking, insurance and investment services, has partnered
with Visa, Inc., to launch Connect Card, a new ATM cum debit card that can be
used for e-commerce across the merchant outlets.

Visa is a payments technology
company engaged in the operation of retail electronic payments network based in
the US.

Though all IOB customers have been provided ATM cum debit card, Connect
Card is targeted at the younger generation aged between 10 and 28 years.

IOB
Connect cards can be used at merchant outlets and for online shopping.

PARTICIPANT COMPANIES INFORMATION:  Visa Inc. Target Visa Inc. (Visa) is a
payments technology company.

The company owns, manages and promotes a range of
payment brands including Visa, Visa Electron, PLUS and Interlink, which are
licensed to customers for use in payment programs offered by Visa.

It provides
transaction processing, mobile money services and value-added services to its
clients.

Visa also offers a wide range of branded payments product platforms,
which are used by its clients to develop and offer prepaid, credit, debit, and
cash access programs.

Furthermore, the company offers digital, mobile and
eCommerce platforms.

Its operations are spanned across the globe.

COMPANY NAME:  Visa Inc.
INVOLVEMENT TYPE:  Target
COMPANY OVERVIEW:  Visa Inc. (Visa) is a payments technology company.

The
company owns, manages and promotes a range of payment brands including Visa,
Visa Electron, PLUS and Interlink, which are licensed to customers for use in
payment programs offered by Visa.

It provides transaction processing, mobile
money services and value-added services to its clients.

Visa also offers a wide
range of branded payments product platforms, which are used by its clients to
develop and offer prepaid, credit, debit, and cash access programs.

Furthermore,
the company offers digital, mobile and eCommerce platforms.

Its operations are
spanned across the globe.

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *









LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

                              276 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 12, 2014 Wednesday

Colorado: Workshops Offered by Extension: Helping the Public Make Smart Choices
about Health Insurance

LENGTH: 386  words

DATELINE: Denver


County of Larimer, The State of Colorado has issued the following news release:


Fall is the season for health insurance plan enrollment.

You may be like most
people--confused and uncomfortable, when it comes to making decisions about
health insurance coverage.

Do you know that health insurance helps individuals
and families get access to care leading to better health and reduces the risk of
high health care costs?

That's why a team of experts from Colorado State University Extension are
conducting Smart Choice Health Insurance©  Decisions workshops.

These workshops
and materials are research-based to give people tools to make a smart health
insurance decision for themselves and their families
People who attended these workshops leave feeling they can make smarter health
insurance purchase decisions.

Participants learn key health insurance terms; how
to estimate costs for health care and what questions to ask; and how to find
information to choose a health plan.

"Smart Choice is not about pushing you to select any one specific plan," says
Laurel Kubin, County Extension Director.

"It will help you gain a set of skills
so you can choose a plan that best fits your family's needs."

Workshops are
being offered during open enrollment in the fall of 2014.

"Keeping your head above water can be extremely difficult when navigating the
waters of health insurance - whether you've been insured throughout your life or
are faced with selecting coverage for the very first time," says Kubin.

"Smart
Choice helps eliminate the intimidation factor of health insurance decision
making."

Smart Choice Health Insurance© Decisionsworkshops are scheduled for the
following dates and locations.

Friday, November 14, 1:00 - 3:00 p.m., Larimer County Extension Office, 1525
Blue Spruce Drive, Fort Collins
Tuesday, December 2, 5:30 - 7:30 p.m., Old Town Library,  201 Peterson St., Fort
Collins
Thursday, December 4, 2:00 - 4:00 p.m., Larimer County Extension Office, 1525
Blue Spruce Drive, Fort Collins
Monday, December 8, 5:30 - 7:30 p.m., Loveland Library, 300 N. Adams, Loveland
CO

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              277 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                           February 4, 2006 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Plan calls for health insurance collective bargaining

BYLINE: Rick Collins

SECTION: NEWS; Pg.

21

LENGTH: 263 words


The Patriot Ledger

BRAINTREE - Selectmen are weighing a proposal that would give them the power to
negotiate changes to employee health insurance plans collectively with the
town's employee unions.

The plan, which is being pushed by the town's eight major collective bargaining
groups, would eliminate the current practice of negotiating changes with each
union.

Such a move would mean the town would be able to enact changes to employee
health insurance plans faster and cheaper.

A trade-off is that any changes to health benefits for retirees would be subject
to collective bargaining.

They currently are not.

The cost of health insurance has grown 61 percent from 2001 to 2005, Michael
Milward, a member of the Braintree Firefighters Local 920, told selectmen this
week.

Braintree employees and the town each pay half the cost of the health
insurance.

"We recognize the need to work together as a team with the town," Milward said.

He did not propose any specific changes to the employee health insurance plan.

Carol Chandor, a Boston-based consultant on employee benefits hired by the
unions, said eight Massachusetts communities have adopted the change to
coalition bargaining, which is known as Section 19.

"Employees and town managers understand that health insurance is a budget
buster," she said.

In order to adopt the change, selectmen would have to approve it and 70 percent
of town employees would have to vote in favor of it.

The two sides would then
sign a memorandum of agreement that would guide negotiations.

Any disagreements would be settled through binding arbitration.

29

LENGTH: 806 words


Congress has the opportunity to pass legislation that is so overwhelmingly
popular it gets nearly 90 percent of the electorate's vote, is critically
important to the well-being of 45 million uninsured Americans and is vital to
the financial health of millions of small businesses.

What could be more
important than this?

Passing it seems logical, but special interests have succeeded in killing it in
the past, and once again they are hard at work raising roadblocks and spreading
misconceptions that could thwart the will of the majority.

Voters everywhere
have a simple message on this one: "Congress, I need health insurance.

I deserve
health insurance.

The bill is S. 1955, the Health Insurance Marketplace Modernization and
Affordability Act, which would allow self-employed workers and small-business
employees to band together through a trade or professional association to
negotiate lower health insurance costs, giving them access to the same quality
group health insurance plans currently available to union workers and employees
of large corporations.

Small-business health plans would be able to take advantage of the same
administrative savings and increased negotiating powers as large corporate and
union plans.

Legislation passed the House last year and S. 1955 is expected to
be voted on by the full Senate in the next few weeks.

Why is it so important to pass S. 1955 now?

"It is a huge strain to try to keep my health insurance.

Each year I struggle
with the decision of whether to try to keep the insurance or let it go," she
said.

Her costs continue to rise at the same time that her deductible increases
and her coverage decreases.

Diane's costs have gone up 373 percent over the past
10 years.

Joyce discovered a lump on her
breast but cannot get it checked out or diagnosed because she has no health
insurance.

She cannot afford the treatment without health insurance and is
afraid that she will not be able to get health insurance if the lump is
cancerous.

Finally, Debbie Flood of Melron Corp. in Schofield, Wis., has experienced
skyrocketing costs in providing health insurance for her employees.

She said
that unquestionably it is an obstacle to future reinvestment in the business.

Melron has experienced 30- to 33-percent increases in premiums in the past two
years.

Multiply those stories by tens of millions and you get the picture, yet a few
healthcare interests are complaining that the legislation would preempt state
health-insurance mandates.

Not surprisingly, many of the interest groups
lobbying against the bill represent the very health providers who benefit from
mandates.

The fears are simply not justified.

The fact is that if a small-business health plan does not comply with a state's
coverage mandates then an additional policy must be offered to association
members that complies either with state law or with the coverage included in one
of the five most populous states' state employee plans (California, New York,
Florida, Illinois or Texas).

States, like the federal government, offer their
employees some of the best insurance plans today.

Another misconception is that small-business plans will "cherry-pick" and cover
only healthy workers.

Specific provisions have been included in the
bill to maintain a level playing field between small-business plans and
state-regulated plans that will prevent "cherry-picking."

They will be subject
to the same Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, which makes it
illegal to deny coverage to any eligible participant based on the health status
of an individual employee or employer.

Small-business health plans will be regulated by state insurance commissioners,
not the federal government.

Insurers participating in small-business health
plans must be licensed in all states in which association members are enrolled.

As a licensed insurer, the insurer would be regulated by the state insurance
commissioner and subject to all state insurance laws, with the exception of
underwriting and rating rules explicitly addressed in S. 1955.

State oversight
is not neglected, as some may lead you to believe.

Also, small-business plans,
as authorized by S. 1955, must be structured as fully insured insurance
programs.

Trade associations will not be able to self-fund.

When voters want to know what Congress has done for them lately, there is an
answer within reach - affordable and comprehensive healthcare insurance for
small businesses, their employees and their families who are currently without
coverage.

Stevens is president of the National Association of Realtors.

He has been a
Realtor since 1972 and is the senior vice president of NRT Inc. in Vienna, Va.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2006 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              279 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                    The Sun

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 29, 2012

NB health insurance plan change upheld;
Arbitrator rules union contract was violated, but village retains authority to
choose plan

BYLINE: The Trenton Sun staff

LENGTH: 922  words


An arbitrator in the grievance filed by New Baden's police union has agreed that
the village of New Baden violated the union's collective bargaining agreement in
the way it handled a change in health insurance benefits last year, but not in a
way that requires the village to undo its prior action.

Arbitrator Elaine Frost issued her ruling on August 23, and said that New Baden
police are not entitled to have their health insurance benefits restored, nor to
compensation for additional expenses they may have incurred since the plan was
modified, although the village did not provide sufficient 'consultation'
opportunities for union members to air their opinions on the new plan that was
put in place.

The arbitration hearing took place in May of this year.

"The Employer violated the 'consultation' provision of Article 22 when it failed
to provide timely information to the Union in order to give it an opportunity to
provide it a reasoned basis for consulting with respect to the health insurance
changes that would be made on or about October 3, 2011," Frost wrote in her
decision.

"The Employer is directed to cease all future violations of the
"consultation" provision... At the discretion of the Union, the Union shall be
entitled to consult with the Employer on the health insurance issue.

The
Employer shall consider any Union position(s) offered in any such consultation.

"The Employer is not otherwise found to be in violation of Article 22 by the
manner in which it reached its decision, and by the result it reached, on or
about October 3, 2011, when it adopted new health insurance for Village
employees."

In other words, the village board's decision in October 2011 to modify the
health insurance benefits it offers to its employees will stand.

Village employees, including police, were advised of the potential change on
September 29 during a meeting with village administrator Jimmy Morani, prior to
the village board's meeting on October 3, at which the board approved changes
that increased employees' co-pays for pharmaceuticals and reduced benefits for
medical expenses from 90 percent to 80 percent, among other changes.

Earlier in 2011, the village was advised by its carrier, The Principal Life
Insurance Company, that it would no longer write health insurance policies, and
village administrator Morani contacted a broker to get quotes and consult on
medical plans.

The Principal Life Insurance Company transferred its policies to
United Healthcare, and the village ultimately decided to use that company to
provide for a more seamless transition.

The collective bargaining agreement gives the village the right to choose the
health insurance plan, with the only limit being a cap on the amount of
deductible.

United Healthcare's plan that was most similar to The Principal's
existing coverage would have held costs about static, but the village was able
to save about $10,000 in annual premiums by modifying the plan.

Under the plan
the board selected, the deductible did not increase nor did the total out of
pocket expense.

Prior to its final vote on the new plan, the board discussed the matter at its
committee-at-large meeting on September 19, and that discussion was reported in
The Sun.

Morani then met with employees September 29.

Police officers expressed
their opposition to the proposed plan at that meeting, according to Morani's
testimony as well as that of police union shop steward Angela Wagner and police
sergeant Scott Meinhardt, who was the lead negotiator on the union contract.

Morani then sent an email to police department employees explaining that he had
advised the village board of the officers' opposition and that the board may
take that feedback into consideration before making its final decision.

The
village board approved the modified plan October 3 at its regular monthly
meeting, at which no members of the bargaining unit appeared.

The Union argued that since the collective bargaining agreement specifically
addresses plans changes in the case of exorbitant premium increases and allowed
changes in deductibles, the rest of the plan's features are sacrosanct.

The arbitrator did not agree with the Union's position, since clear language in
the contract gives the employer the right to choose the health insurance plan
and the carrier for that plan, and since both parties agreed to the contract
language.

The arbitrator did conclude that good faith exercise by the employer when
selecting a new health insurance plan is required, and ruled that no
consultation was provided the Union, since it did not provide timely information
about its impending decision, "...the Union was not put on notice in early 2011
when the news reached the village; the Union was not approsed of the actions to
secure a broker to seek out alternative insurance carriers and plans; and it was
not advised when the results of the broker's actions were presented to the
Village Administrator..." according to the arbitrator, "...the actions of the
Employer in its repeated failure to timely disclose information about the need
to replace the health insurance carrier and plan, and the options for that
choice, was nothing short of highhanded."

Nonetheless, the arbitrator provided only window dressing in terms of relief to
the union, the ability to consult with the village on the health insurance
question and to have the village board consider the union's position.

The
village board retains its authority to choose the health insurance plan, subject
to the deductible limits set forth in the contract.

Copyright 2012 The Sun

                              280 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                     November 30, 2013 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Experient Health: White House Announces Transition Policy for Canceled Health
Plans

LENGTH: 503  words


New Delhi, Nov. 30 -- The White House announced a transition policy for canceled
health plans, according to Experient Health, the health insurance arm of the
Virginia Farm Bureau.

Experient Health detailed the announcements and explained
its effects in its latest post in a Blog series on health care reform.

The Affordable Care Act (ACA) includes key reforms that create new coverage
standards for health insurance policies, beginning in 2014.

For example,
effective for 2014 plan years, the ACA imposes new modified community rating
standards and requires individual and small group policies to cover a
comprehensive set of benefits.

Over the last few months, millions of Americans received notices informing them
that their health insurance plans are being canceled because they do not comply
with the ACA's reforms.

President Obama has received criticism that these cancellations go against his
assurances that if consumers have a plan that they like, they can keep it.

Responding to pressure from consumers and Congress, on Nov. 14, 2013, President
Obama announced a new transition policy for 2014.

Under the new policy,
individuals and small businesses whose coverage has been canceled (or would be
canceled) because it does not meet the ACA's standards may be able to re-enroll
or stay on their coverage for an additional year.

However, this one-year reprieve may not be available to all consumers.

Because
the insurance market is primarily regulated at the state level, state governors
or insurance commissioners will have to allow for the transition relief.

Also,
health insurance issuers are not required to follow the transition relief and
renew plans, and have expressed concern that the change could disrupt the new
risk pool under the federal and state Health Insurance Marketplaces.

The Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) outlined the transition policy
in a letter to state insurance commissioners.

For 2014, health insurance issuers may choose to continue coverage that would
otherwise be terminated or canceled due to the ACA's reforms, and affected
individuals and small business may choose to re-enroll in the coverage.

Under this transitional policy, health insurance coverage in the individual or
small group market that is renewed for a policy year starting between Jan. 1,
2014, and Oct. 1, 2014 (and associated group health plans of small businesses),
will not be considered to be out of compliance with specified ACA reforms if
certain conditions are met.

According to HHS, it will consider the impact of the transition relief in
assessing whether to extend it beyond the specified time frame.

The transitional relief is not available to grandfathered plans because these
plans are not subject to most of the ACA's market reforms.

According to
President Obama, the transition relief is an extension of the grandfathered plan
rules to additional health insurance policies.

B-6

LENGTH: 482 words


The state's new health insurance plan has its limits, but it appears to be a
good start toward common- sense health insurance solutions.

Charlie Crist's administration.

It
is aimed at adults who are uninsured.

And in Florida, there are almost 4 million residents who are uninsured from ages
19 to 64.

The Cover Florida plan takes effect in January for applicants ages 19 to 64 who
have been without health insurance for at least six months, recently unemployed,
for people who have lost employer-sponsored health benefits or are no longer
covered by public health insurance in the last six months.

Six private insurers, including Jacksonville-based BlueCross BlueShield of
Florida, are offering the plans.

UnitedHealthcare also is offering plans
statewide.

Four other insurers are offering plans in counties outside Northeast
Florida.

There are several advantages to the Cover Florida system:

- Pre-existing conditions are covered.

- There are no traditional mandates, though state law does require the plans to
include certain basics.

This allows insurers and consumers more flexibility to
structure plans that fit consumer needs.

- Employers may voluntarily share in the cost of the plan, or they may offer
payroll deduction.

There are two kinds of plans: one that covers preventive medical care and
another that also covers catastrophic and health coverage.

Meanwhile, insurers are looking for ways to provide low-cost coverage for those
who need it.

Blue Cross, like other insurers, has a basic policy that anyone can
purchase.

For instance, for a 40-year-old male, Go Blue premiums for a catastrophic plan
are $106.

The Cover Florida version costs $150.

Cover Florida is a good start and good service for some residents.

The principles are excellent.

Competition among private companies; flexibility,
freed from most government mandates.

VISION OF REFORM

BlueCross BlueShield of Florida suggests that health care reforms should include
five critical elements:

Wellness and prevention.

Give incentives for keeping people healthy rather than
just treating the sick.

New health care delivery.

Promote health care standards and free physicians from
liability, reducing defensive medicine.

Universal coverage.

Insurance works best when risk is spread.

Uninsured too
often wait till illness is far advanced, using emergency rooms for primary care,
the most expensive option.

Spreading risk nationwide would free Florida from its
disproportionate share of caring for seniors.

Personal responsibility.

Smoking was cut in half in one generation.

Similar
lifestyle improvements are needed for good nutrition and exercise.

The Blue Cross model seeks to capitalize on the private market for
health care delivery rather than a single payer government model.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 The Florida Times-Union

                              282 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                             May 7, 2008 Wednesday

Report: Pittsfield could save $5.6M

BYLINE: By Tony Dobrowolski, Berkshire Eagle Staff

SECTION: HEALTH; Headlines

LENGTH: 776 words


PITTSFIELD -- After exploring several health insurance scenarios over the last
three months, a committee of city officials has found that Pittsfield could have
saved $5.6 million this fiscal year if it had joined the state's insurance pool.

Following those findings, Mayor James M. Ruberto announced he will submit a
petition to the City Council within the next few weeks that would allow
officials to engage in coalition bargaining with Pittsfield's 18 municipal
unions to join the Group Insurance Commission.

The GIC has administered health benefits for state employees and retirees since
1955.

Last year, the Legislature passed the Municipal Partnership Act, which
allows cities and towns to join the GIC as part of the same risk pool, which has
more than 294,000 members.

In order for Pittsfield to join the GIC, all 18 of the city's collective
bargaining units have to agree to the measure by a margin of at least 70 percent
of a vote "weighted" along each union's membership.

The unions normally
negotiate contracts with the city separately, under the process that is known as
collective bargaining.

But the GIC negotiations require the unions to negotiate
with the city as one group, a method known as coalition bargaining.

"There are complications and complexities with the unions themselves to
determine if they want to engage in coalition bargaining," Ruberto said.

"The
first step is the authorization that the two parties are willing to talk."

The heads of nine collective bargaining units were among the 22 people in
attendance Monday night when the health insurance committee's findings were
revealed at a special meeting of the City Council.

Holly A. Taylor of True North Financial Services, the city's health insurance
broker, has told the City Council that the city could initially save millions of
dollars by joining the GIC, but that those savings could dissipate due to the
cost of getting all 18 unions to agree to the plan.

The city would be
required to notify the state by October to have city employees receive GIC
health insurance benefits by July 1, 2009.

The nine-member health insurance committee, which includes four city councilors,
Ruberto, and four city officials, was formed in January to explore the option of
having the city join the GIC.

The committee examined health insurance trends in
Pittsfield over the last 10 years and compared the city and the GIC plans under
various scenarios in a 27-page report.

The committee found the city could have saved $5.6 million in fiscal 2008 by
comparing the total health insurance costs for Pittsfield's employees and
retirees with a GIC cost scenario in which the entire city pool of employees and
retirees was split evenly between health maintenance organization and preferred
provider plans.

The committee believed that scenario was the most likely option
if Pittsfield joined the GIC.

The total fiscal 2008 costs under Pittsfield's current health insurance plan are
$23.4 million, while the total costs under the GIC scenario were $17.8 million.

Ward 5 Councilor Jonathan N. Lothrop, who chaired the committee, said joining
the GIC would keep health insurance costs down.

Taylor told an employee
commission last week that Pittsfield's health insurance costs are scheduled to
increase 8.6 percent in fiscal 2009, with the city's share expected to rise by
$1.6 million.

"In order for us to continue to have good health benefits, we have to bring in
an affordable cost," Lothrop said.

"We need to explore this option."

Lothrop said there are "accommodations" within the GIC plan to pay for a
community's catastrophic health insurance claims.

A large number of catastrophic
claims caused Pittsfield's total health insurance costs to increase 18 percent
in fiscal 2007.

The committee also found that city employees who currently pay 20 percent of
their health insurance costs would realize annual savings of $451.44 on
individual plans, and $1,025.76 on family plans under the GIC.

The city, which
picks up 80 percent of its employees health insurance costs, would save
$1,805.76 annually on individual plans and $4,102.80 on family plans.

The GIC has 10 individual health insurance options as compared to four in the
city's plan, and some of the GIC's individual co-pays are higher than the
city's.

Ward 3 councilor and committee member Linda M. Tyer said that city employees
should determine which GIC option best suits their needs.

"Look at your own financial resources and health needs and decide which of the
plans works best for you and your family," she said.

To reach Tony Dobrowolski: TDobrowolski@berkshireeagle.com , (413) 496-6224

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              283 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                WMI Company News

                             July 15, 2014 Tuesday

Health Insurance Innovations acquires HealthPocket

LENGTH: 227 words


The acquirer believes that the takeover of HealthPocket will provide significant
competitive advantages, by merging HII's industry-leading health plan
development, virtual-administration and agent distribution of affordable health
insurance plans with HealthPocket's big-data-aggregation technology.

HealthPocket's technology, offers free, one-click access for consumers to review
on-and off-exchange individual major medical, Medicare, employer-sponsored and
ancillary health plans, ranked by price, by doctor or hospital provider, and
even by their personal prescription drug needs.

This information enables consumers to choose from the largest set of health
insurance plans and make informed health plan decisions.

Health Insurance Innovations CEO Mike Kosloske said, "The incorporation of
HealthPocket into Health Insurance Innovations fits with our growth strategy of
continued innovation of unrivaled products and technology solutions within the
insurance industry to further enhance our competitive advantage."

"This transaction will significantly increase leads, drive sales and enable us
to more swiftly expand into lucrative market adjacencies such as the $402B
Medicare marketplace, the $35B ACA segment of individual major medical and the
$220B employer-sponsored market, positioning the combined company for long-term
leadership in our dynamic industry."

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 World Market Intelligence Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              284 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                      August 22, 2017 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

eHealth Works with Square to Help Small Businesses Find Health Insurance
Solutions

LENGTH: 294  words


Aug. 22 -- eHealth, Inc. (NASDAQ: EHTH), which operates eHealth.com, a leading
private online health insurance exchange, announced today that it is now
providing Square's small business customers with access to a broad range of
health insurance solutions as well as eHealth's innovative plan comparison tools
and robust customer support.

Square's point-of-sale service offers tools for every part of running a small
business, from accepting credit cards and tracking inventory to real-time
analytics and invoicing.

Through the Square dashboard, the more than two million
small businesses using Square now have access to a co-branded eHealth website
offering brand-name small business and individual & family health insurance
options.

By accessing eHealth through the Square dashboard, small businesses can compare
health insurance plans online from multiple insurance companies and get
customized quotes for their business.

At no cost, small business owners can also
get personalized help and useful advice from licensed eHealth agents.

eHealth
has also expanded its offering to enable online applications for small group
health insurance with select insurance companies, which enables health insurance
applications to be approved in as little as 24 hours in some instances.

"We are incredibly excited to work with Square and introduce their small
business customers to the great health insurance options available to them and
their employees," said eHealth CEO Scott Flanders.

"Whether they're purchasing
coverage only for themselves or for their employees as well, a quality health
insurance plan is an investment in any small business's future - and eHealth has
the comprehensive selection and tools they need to find the best plan for their
needs."

Source: eHealth

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2017 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                              285 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             May 21, 2009 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

Health care in spotlight;
Political heavyweights tackle issue of reform.

1B

LENGTH: 272 words


The prospect of a new government health insurance plan highlighted a debate on
health care reform in Atlanta on Wednesday, in which four political heavyweights
offered a preview of the debate expected on Capitol Hill.

The discussion --- held at the Georgia World Congress Center as part of a
biotech conference --- featured Karl Rove, former chief adviser to President
George W. Bush; Howard Dean, former chairman of the Democratic National
Committee; Republican Bill Frist, former U.S. Senate majority leader; and
Democrat Tom Daschle, also a former Senate majority leader.

* Karl Rove --- Rove attacked the prospect of a government-offered public health
insurance plan, saying, "A public plan is a government-run plan.

And a
government-run plan is bad."

Citing a poll, he also said many people are happy with their health coverage,
and don't want to see any new plan hurt that coverage.

* Howard Dean --- Dean favored a public health insurance plan, though stressed
he did not want to do away with the private sector.

"We need a public health insurance option to give people a choice," he said.

* Bill Frist --- Frist talked about the costs of implementing a government
health insurance program, saying, "Your taxes are going to go up."

Frist also expressed concerns that a government health care plan would stifle
innovation and competition.

* Tom Daschle --- He said the American people want to see Congress "get
something done" regarding health care.

"And they are very concerned about the
implications if we do nothing."

He said the public health care plan would address a major issue of Americans:
The need to lower health care costs.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Debating health care Wednesday in Atlanta were (clockwise from
top left): ex-presidential adviser Karl Rove; Howard Dean, former Democratic
committee chief; and ex-Senate majority leaders Bill Frist and Tom Daschle.

/ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2009 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              286 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                             June 4, 2014 Wednesday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

21,000 drop their health insurance in first three months of year

SECTION: NEWS; Pg.

15

LENGTH: 424 words


PRESSURE on the public hospital system is set to intensify after new figures
showed thousands more people have dropped their health insurance.

Close to 50,000 people ditched their private health insurance last year, a move
that will heap further pressure on Health Minister James Reilly.

This is because more people will be forced to use already under-pressure public
hospitals.

Only this week, the European Commission again questioned overspending on the
public health budget.

The new figures show that 47,000 stopped paying health insurance premiums in the
year up to March.

In the first three months of this year, 21,000 people dropped their inpatient
health insurance, according to new data from the Health Insurance Authority.

There are now just over two million people with inpatient cover, compared with
almost 2.3 million people when the market peaked at the end of 2008.

Rising premiums and the recession have been the main factors in people giving up
inpatient private health insurance.

Health insurance expert Dermot Goode predicted that the numbers with private
cover would drop below two million before the end of the year.

Mr Goode, of www.Healthinsurancesavings.ie, said the rate that people were
dropping health cover had slowed.

But he said that this was due to people dropping to cheaper plans and altering
the renewal date for their policies in a bid to keep premium costs down.

There have been a string of health insurance price rises this year alone, with
some plans soaring by as much as 41pc.

Some have responded by dropping their
cover, with others dropping down to cheaper plans.

In the latest move to ease the price pressure, the VHI said it would now extend
its half-price offer for children and students to all its hospital plans.

And insurers including Glo now allow families to design their own policies.

Benefits have also been reduced on plans.

With some plans, not every procedure
will be fully paid for, while excesses have been introduced across most plans.

This is the amount of a claim you pay yourself before the insurer picks up the
tab.

Last summer, Aviva stepped up this trend to limit what a health policy covers a
step further by launching its Focus plans that restrict the hospitals where it
will pay for procedures.

The plans were 20pc cheaper than similar policies.

Laya followed with no-frills
plans of its own, also with major restrictions.

Insurance experts predicted that we were now likely to see a family price war as
the companies scramble to sign up more customers.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Charlie Weston Personal Finance Editor
Dermot Goode: 'figures to fall'

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              287 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           The Nikkei Weekly (Japan)

                               December 24, 2002

Gap still wide on medical reform

LENGTH: 542 words

HIGHLIGHT:
Debate over opposing plans expected to continue raging right up to March
deadline


The Health, Labor and Welfare Ministry on Dec. 17 proposed two plans aimed at
easing the burdens on both young and old for the growing medical expenses of the
elderly.

Submission of two competing plans indicates the ministry's failure to
narrow the gap and produce a single plan.

The debate surrounding this issue is therefore expected to drag on until March,
when a basic guideline is to be drawn up.

Critics say there are drawbacks to
both plans.

One-third of the nation's 30 trillion yen in medical costs is spent to treat
those over the age of 70.

This ratio will increase as the population ages.

In
2025, half of the nation's estimated 81 trillion yen in medical costs is
expected to be for treating patients aged 70 and older, the Welfare Ministry
predicts.

This is sapping the stability of insurance plans for the younger
generation.

One of the ministry's plans to reduce the burden is to set up an individual
insurance plan for those aged 75 and older and to seek additional premium
payments from the elderly.

Roughly 10% of medical expense payouts will come from
premiums paid by members aged 75 or older.

Half will be covered by taxpayers'
money, and 40% will be covered by various health insurance societies.

This plan would reduce health insurance society members' burdens by about 7,000
yen a year to 178,000 yen.

However it would increase the burden on those aged 75
or older by 24,000 yen in fiscal 2007 compared with the current 63,000 yen.

This proposal would therefore bridge the gap between the young and old members
of the insurance societies.

The elderly would have half the burdens of the
younger generation in fiscal 2007, compared with one-third at present.

This plan
would also shrink the government's share of contributions by 400 billion yen in
fiscal 2007.

But if those aged 75 or older switch from public health insurance to the new
plan, the public health insurance plan's premium revenues will decline, making
their financial condition worse.

The ministry's other plan is to share the burden among the various health
insurance societies.

Insurance plans covering a large number of elderly people
will get financial support from plans that cover younger generations.

Likewise,
insurance plans with low-income members will receive support from corporate
insurance plans.

This plan would stabilize the finances of insurance plans covering the elderly
and narrow the financial gap between insurance plans.

The Welfare Ministry
estimates that the concept of sharing the burden would enable the public health
insurance plan to maintain operations with its annual premium income of about
90,000 yen a head in fiscal 2007 - without raising premiums.

Overall, this plan
would boost the government's share of contributions by 200 billion yen in fiscal
2007.

When company employees retire, they switch from corporate health insurance plans
to those run by municipal governments.

But when a patient aged 71 or older gets
medical treatment, an existing insurance plan for the elderly is applied, and
most of the payment is shouldered by various insurance societies, including
those run by companies and municipal governments.

That is why both plans call for abolishing the existing insurance scheme for the
elderly.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2002 Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Inc.

                              288 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                            November 5, 2012 Monday

How about a 'top up' health insurance?

BYLINE: Adhil Shetty

LENGTH: 618  words


With healthcare costs in India increasing at an exorbitant rate every year, it
becomes mandatory to have a health insurance policy.

However, most people
usually take a health cover of approximately Rs 3-4 lakh for the family.

Since
this amount covers the entire family, this can fall short of your actual
expenditure.

Multiple ailments of family members, or even if a single member has
to undergo hospitalisation many times can force you to dig into your savings to
meet the expenses.

This is where top-up health insurance plans can be used.

A top-up health insurance policy is an additional health insurance which
provides coverage over an existing health insurance.

This means in addition to a
basic mediclaim policy, you can purchase a top-up cover, which will give you
coverage over and above what is available in your original policy.

This usually
works out to be cheaper than if you enhance limit of the same policy or purchase
a new health insurance policy.

The top-up policy works like any other health
insurance policy and has the same benefits of reimbursing hospitalisation
expenses, any medical expenses, etc.

What's top up?

The main difference between a top-up cover and a regular health insurance policy
is that top-up plans can be used only in case expenses incurred are beyond a
certain limit.

This limit, known as the deductible is decided beforehand and
premiums are calculated accordingly.

A top-up plan with a higher deductible has
a lower premium attached to it.

Another criterion is that a top-up plan normally works only on a single
incidence of hospitalisation.

This means that you can use the top-up plan only
if your medical bills exceed the deducible during a single hospitalisation by a
single member.

How it works

Let us assume you have an existing health insurance policy with your employer
which covers you and your family to the extent of Rs 3 lakh.

If your wife is
hospitalised during the year and expenses amount to Rs 4 lakhs, then you must
bring in Rs 1 lakh from your savings, if you do not have a top-up cover.

Now, let us assume you have taken a top-up insurance for Rs 5 lakhs with a
deductible of Rs 3 lakh.

Then, in the above case, the extra Rs 1 lakh, which is
over and above the limit of Rs 3 lakhs from your existing health insurance
policy will be paid by the top-up insurance policy.

If you incur expenses of Rs
8.5 lakh, then the maximum amount that can be claimed is Rs 8 lakh (Rs 3 lakh
from the existing health insurance policy and Rs 5 lakh from the top-up policy).

The extra amount of Rs 50,000 needs to be paid by you from your savings.

Now, assume another scenario.

You have an existing health insurance policy of Rs
3 lakhs and top-up insurance policy of Rs 5 lakh with a deductible of Rs 3 lakh.

Your wife gets hospitalised twice in a year with bills of Rs 2.5 lakh and and Rs
2 lakh each.

Then the top-up will not be triggered in both cases.

Further, if
both your wife and son are hospitalised with expenses of Rs 2.5 lakh each during
the year, even then the top-up will not be triggered.

When do top-up plans make sense?

Top-up plans are useful if you want to increase your health cover without paying
too much.

In the above example, if you think Rs 3 lakh is too low to cover the
fast-increasing healthcare costs, then top-up plans are a cheaper option than
buying a new policy or enhancing limit of the existing policy.

Further, if you
already have a health insurance policy, then do not buy a top-up plan which has
a deductible of more than the coverage from the existing plan.

For example, if
you have a health insurance policy with a cover of Rs 3 lakh, then do not buy a
top-up plan with a deductible greater than Rs 3 lakh.

- Author is CEO, BankBazaar.com

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                              289 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                    September 22, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

BlueCross Plans Earn 4-Star Quality Rating for 2016

LENGTH: 284  words


Sept. 22 -- Two BlueCross BlueShield of Tennessee plans each earned an overall
rating of 4 out of 5 stars for 2016 from the National Committee for Quality
Assurance (NCQA), an accrediting body for health insurance plans.

The star ratings, debuted by NCQA in 2015, are designed to help consumers
understand how well a health insurance plan supports its members in getting
recommended care.

With 4 of 5 stars in NCQA's Private Health Insurance Plan
Ratings 2016-2017, the commercial BlueCross plan is the top-rated private PPO
plan in Tennessee.

The East division of BlueCross' Medicaid subsidiary, known as
BlueCare Tennessee, was also rated 4 out of 5 stars - the top rating received by
any Tennessee Medicaid plan in NCQA's Medicaid Health Insurance Plan Ratings
2016-2017.

"Our 4-star rating is an achievement that our competitors in Tennessee can't
claim," said Dr. Andrea Willis, chief medical officer for BlueCross BlueShield
of Tennessee.

"This rating shows consumers in a very tangible way that we are
dedicated to quality and to helping our members get care that improves health
outcomes."

The BlueCross divisions raised their rating through a number of enterprise
initiatives that helped improve quality and health outcomes.

This included
targeted community outreach, incentivizing providers to help members get
preventive care, mailings to let members know which health screenings they need,
and reporting tools that help providers track quality scores.

"This achievement supports our goal of
being the top managed care organization in the state."

Source: BlueCross BlueShield of Tennessee

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                              290 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           January 14, 2016 Thursday
                                   1 Edition

Health market hosting public event in Deming

BYLINE: By, For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS; Pg.

A2

LENGTH: 290 words


ALBUQUERQUE - BeWellnm, the official state marketplace for New Mexicans to shop,
buy, and compare health plans, will be hosting public informational events in
Deming.

The free events will provide an opportunity for residents to learn more about
the changes in federal law affecting health insurance and health care, the
various plans offered on the exchange, and subsidies or tax credits for which
they may be eligible.

Information will be given in English and Spanish.

There
will also be assistance provided to help with individual enrollment.

The
deadline to enroll in an exchange-based health plan is Jan. 31.

The meeting will take place in two sessions on January 23; 1 p.m. at the Rio
Mimbres Country Club, 2400 E. Pine St. and at 4 p.m. at the same location.

BeWellnm offers a variety of services.

Visit www.bewellnm.com to apply for
cost-assistance, compare prices, change plans, and enroll in a plan.

About New Mexico Health Insurance Exchange

The New Mexico Health Insurance Exchange (NMHIX) was created to help individuals
and small businesses get access to affordable health insurance plans.

NMHIX
helps consumers compare health insurance plans and choose the plan that works
best for their health needs and budget.

NMHIX also helps individuals determine
whether they are eligible for premium assistance and if so, at what level.

Through beWellnm for Small Business, small businesses are able to buy
competitively-priced health insurance plans and offer their employees the
ability to choose from an array of plans.

Enrollment counselors and insurance
brokers/agents are available throughout the state to help with signing up for
NMHIX coverage.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dnm


                        Copyright 2016 Deming Headlight
                              All Rights Reserved

                              291 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 27, 2015 Sunday

Affordable Care Act plans carry added costs

BYLINE: David Bruce, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 553 words


Dec. 27--ERIE, Pa. -- Lisa Kelleher was happy in 2014 when about 50 of the
patients at St. Paul's Neighborhood Free Clinic bought health insurance through
the federal government's Health Insurance Marketplace.

Getting health insurance is a goal for many patients of the clinic, which only
treats low-income Erie County residents who are uninsured.

Insurance gives them
access to physicians and hospitals throughout western Pennsylvania.

But 12 of those 50 patients have since dropped their health insurance and
returned to the Erie clinic.

"They came back due to the out-of-pocket deductibles they had to pay," said
Kelleher, the clinic's executive director.

The Affordable Care Act has been a godsend for many uninsured residents across
Erie County, offering health insurance plans with low monthly premiums --
especially if the person's income qualifies for tax credits.

But the out-of-pocket costs of some of these plans can exceed $6,000 a year --
far too much for someone on a limited income, Kelleher said.

"For some of them, it came down to paying their deductible or paying rent,"
Kelleher said.

"So they stopped their insurance and started coming back to the
clinic for their medical care."

More than 394,000 Pennsylvanians have signed up for health insurance in 2016
through the marketplace.

Michelle Robertson, a certified marketplace navigator for Erie County, said she
discusses out-of-pocket costs with people when they apply for coverage.

"We talk about how the premium is only one of the potential costs," Robertson
said.

Michael Murnock was fully aware of the out-of-pocket costs when Robertson helped
him purchase health insurance through the marketplace for 2015.

The 63-year-old McKean Township man is satisfied with his current health
insurance, but was dismayed to learn his current Highmark Blue Cross Blue Shield
plan will not be offered for 2016.

"Highmark sent me a letter telling me the new plan would have a lower premium,"
Murnock said.

"But I found out it has huge out-of-pocket costs, including that I
would have to pay the first $6,000 of a hospital stay."

Murnock worked with Robertson to select a different Highmark plan for 2016 that
costs about $70 a month more than his current plan, but covers more medical
costs.

"I can deal with the higher premium but if I was hospitalized and slammed with
all of those out-of-pocket costs, I would have to talk with the hospital about a
payment plan," Murnock said.

The St. Paul clinic has seen a decline in patients since the marketplace opened.

It treated 431 different patients in 2015 (through Nov. 20), compared with 477
in 2014.

But Kelleher said the drop is due more to increased enrollment in Medical
Assistance than to the marketplace.

"I don't know what will happen next year," Kelleher said.

"I know the penalty
for not having insurance will be higher ($695 or 2.5 percent of the household's
income, whichever is higher), but it's difficult to judge what people's behavior
is going to be.

We will be here, providing medical and dental services."

Follow him at
twitter.com/ETNbruce.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151227-EI-Affordable-Care-Act-plans-carry-added-costs-1227-20151227

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2015 Erie Times-News

                              292 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                    AdviceIQ

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 25, 2015 Friday

Gauging Health Insurance

BYLINE: Rick Kahler, AdviceIQ

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 783 words


Sept. 25--What should you look for in a health insurance policy?

Once upon a time, an employer-provided health insurance plan was almost always
the best option for couples and families.

Group plans were able to offer
affordable, broad coverage with low deductibles, and many employers paid a
substantial share of the premiums.

Now, in the age of two-career families, soaring health-care
costs, and the changes Obamacare has brought to the health insurance market, the
choices are much more complicated.

It's up to consumers to do the research to
find the best options for themselves and their families.

If both spouses are employed and both employers offer insurance, start by
comparing the two plans.

Don't just pick the lower premium and call it good,
either.

I suggest setting up a spreadsheet or chart to make it easier, and dig
into the details of each plan.

Compare the following:

* The specifics of what is covered and what is excluded

* Copays for office visits, emergency room visits, hospitalizations and
medications

* In-network and out-of-network costs

* Deductible amounts

* Annual out-of-pocket maximums

Also investigate each company's employee policies related to health insurance.

Some employers have restrictions or added costs that affect the availability of
insurance for family members.

Examples to look for include:

* Not covering spouses who can get insurance from their own employers

* Surcharges to cover spouses or dependents

* Income-adjusted premiums

2.

Evaluate your health-care history and probable needs for the coming year.

Ask
your current health insurance company for the explanation of benefits for the
past year, or go through your checkbook and list all your health care expenses.

Then get out your crystal ball and consider what kinds of health care your
family might need in the near future.

You can't predict everything, obviously, but you can at least make educated
guesses about probable expenses like routine checkups, regular medications,
visits to specialists and elective surgeries.

Take your lifestyle into account,
as well.

If you travel a lot, for example, you may need to use out-of-network
health care more often.

Make sure the plans' networks include all your doctors, including specialists
like dermatologists as well as your family clinic.

You can get this information
from the insurance companies, but it's often easier to call the doctors' offices
and ask which insurers they have agreements with.

Check out plans offered through your state's insurance exchange.

If you don't
qualify for subsidies, these plans may be more expensive than employer plans.

Don't assume this to be the case, though; find out.

Investigate Health Savings Accounts.

An HSA offers a tax-advantaged way to
save money for out-of-pocket medical costs.

It is available to those covered by
health insurance plans with high deductibles (currently $1,300 for individuals
and $2,600 for families).

However, not all high-deductible plans are eligible
for HSAs.

Annual pretax contributions to HSAs are capped at $3,350 for individuals and
$6,650 for families (plus another $1,000 for those over 55).

There is no time
limit for withdrawing the funds, which are not taxed if they are used for
medical costs.

Before you open an HSA, make sure you're eligible, and look for
low investment fees.

Ironically, because of the tax advantages, you may get the
most benefit from an HSA by not using it for health care expenses but leaving
the funds in the account to grow.

Doing this much research before choosing a health insurance plan may seem
daunting.

The more informed you are, the better
able you are to select the best available coverage at the lowest cost.

Follow AdviceIQ on Twitter at @adviceiq.

AdviceIQ delivers quality personal finance articles by both financial advisors
and AdviceIQ editors.

It ranks advisors in your area by specialty, including
small businesses, doctors and clients of modest means, for example.

Those with
the biggest number of clients in a given specialty rank the highest.

AdviceIQ
also vets ranked advisors so only those with pristine regulatory histories can
participate.

AdviceIQ was launched Jan. 9, 2012, by veteran Wall Street
executives, editors and technologists.

Right now, investors may see many advisor
rankings, although in some areas only a few are ranked.

Check back often as
thousands of advisors are undergoing AdviceIQ screening.

New advisors appear in
rankings daily.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150925-2AI-Gauging-Health-Insurance-0925-20150925

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 2AI


                            Copyright 2015 AdviceIQ

                              293 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                  May 14, 2003 Wednesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

DEMOCRATIC CANDIDATE DEAN PLANS TO BROADEN HEALTH CARE;
$88 BILLION COST WOULD BE OFFSET BY REPEALING SOME OF BUSH'S TAX CUTS

BYLINE: STEVEN THOMMA, Mercury News Washington Bureau

SECTION: FRONT; Pg.

6A

LENGTH: 428 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Howard Dean, a physician and former governor of Vermont, moved to broaden his
campaign for his party's 2004 presidential nomination Tuesday with a plan to
greatly expand health care to millions of Americans without insurance.

His proposal comes as Democrats are making a postwar pivot to domestic issues,
and health care is fast emerging as one of the top issues motivating party
activists, along with jobs and the economy.

Dean said his plan would build on existing health care programs such as the
Children's Health Insurance Program, Medicaid and private employer-provided
health insurance, and eventually would cover all Americans younger than 25 and
most over that age.

"As a physician, I've seen the suffering caused by this nation's health care
crisis," Dean said in a speech at Columbia University in New York.

"As a
governor and a doctor, I know it can be solved."

His plan would echo similar programs he initiated in Vermont, where 96 percent
of children and 91 percent of adults now have health insurance.

Nationally, 21 million to 31 million Americans lack health insurance entirely,
according to a new study by the Congressional Budget Office (CBO), a
non-partisan research arm of Congress.

Adding Americans who go without health
insurance at some point during the year expands the number of uninsured to
almost 60 million, the CBO said.

Dean said his plan would cost about $88 billion a year.

He would finance the
additional cost by repealing some of President Bush's tax cuts.

Dean's campaign said his plan would cost considerably less than a proposal by
political rival Rep. Richard Gephardt, D-Mo., which would total $214 billion a
year.

Gephardt's plan has framed debate on the issue during the early stage of
the 2004 presidential campaign.

Gephardt would give businesses tax credits to subsidize private health insurance
, including firms that already provide insurance.

He would finance it by repealing all the tax cuts enacted since 2001.

Gephardt dismissed Dean's proposal as too conservative to cover all Americans
who do not have health insurance.

He said Dean's plan would not make health
insurance any more affordable, would do nothing to cut health care costs for
state and local governments, and would not cover all Americans without
insurance, even those who go without coverage only for part of each year.

"We can no longer afford incremental steps or policies that nibble around the
edges," Gephardt said.

"To effectively resolve this crisis we must treat the
whole problem and not the symptoms."

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: PROPOSAL TO EXPAND HEALTH CARE
Democrat Howard Dean's plan for national health insurance:
* Expand the current federal-state Children's Health Insurance Program to cover
low-income young adults up to age 24 and some low-income parents.

* Create a "Universal Health Benefits Program," modeled after insurance plans
available to Congress and federal employees.

The plan would be open to small
businesses and people who don't get insurance through their employers or who are
self-employed.

* Provide tax credits to the uninsured.

Source: Mercury News wire services

                     Copyright 2003 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              294 of 999 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2014 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                            WMI - Business Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data.

The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

September 19, 2014

                       Takaful Emarat - Insurnace (P.S.C)

                           37 APPLETON ROAD WA15 9LP
                                 United Kingdom

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

COMPANY OVERVIEW


   Takaful Emarat - Insurnace (P.S.C) (Takaful Emarat) is a public shareholding
insurance company, based in the UAE.

The company provides a wide variety of
takaful insurance products including life and health insurance for individual
and corporate clients.

Its portfolio of products include whole-life plan, wealth
plan, education plan, level term plan, decreasing term plan, personal accident
plan, travel insurance plan, retirement plan, group life plan and group credit
life plan.

In addition, the company offers health insurance products, which
comprise individual and group health plans.

Takaful Emarat operates through a
network of offices located in Dubai, Abu Dhabi and Sharjah.

The company is a
joint venture of Al-Buhaira National Insurance Company and UNIQA Group Austria.

BUSINESS DESCRIPTION:



Takaful Emarat is a provider of takaful insurance products, based in the UAE.

The company provides life and health insurance products designed for individual
and corporate clients.

It also provides credit and savings insurance products.

Takaful Emarat classifies its business operations into two reportable divisions:
Underwriting and Shareholders.

The Underwriting division is focused on underwriting takaful products such as
health insurance, life insurance and, credit and savings insurance.

It is
further classified into two sub-divisions: Life and Medical.

The Life sub-division provides life insurance products for individuals and
corporates.

The individual life insurance products include Al Moyassara plan,
wealth plan, whole-life plan, level term plan, education plan, retirement plan,
decreasing term plan, and travel insurance plan.

The corporate life insurance
plans offered by the company consist of group life and group credit life plans.

The Life sub-division accounted for 66.17% of the company's total revenues in
FY2012.

The Medical sub-division of the company provides health insurance products for
individuals and corporates.

It offers individual health insurance and group
health insurance plans.

The Medical sub-division accounted for 9.05% of the
company's total revenues in FY2012.

The Underwriting division accounted for 75.22% of the company's total revenues
in FY2012.

The Shareholders division of the company is focused on investments in fixed
deposits in local banks.

This division is further divided into two: Investment
and Others.

The Investment and Others sub-division accounted for 3.78% and 21%
of the company's total revenues in FY2012.

The Shareholders division accounted for 24.78% of the company's total revenues
in FY2012.

Furthermore, the company, in partnership with premium medical network providers,
provides access to an exclusive and wide range of medical network to its
customers.

It also plans to provide the mobile-friendly website for its
customers.

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *










LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

                              295 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            February 16, 2014 Sunday

Whatâ?

?s it like: To sign up for health insurance through the federal
marketplace

BYLINE: BY JACLYN COSGROVE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg.

8A

LENGTH: 760 words


What is the health insurance marketplace?The health insurance marketplace was
created through the Affordable Care Act, sometimes referred to as
â??Obamacare.â?

The marketplace is, in part, a website where health insurance
companies list the plans they will offer under the marketplace guidelines.Plans
through the marketplace are private health insurance plans.

In Oklahoma, you
generally have the option of buying a plan through one of five companies: Blue
Cross Blue Shield of Oklahoma, Coventry Health Care of Kansas, GlobalHealth,
Aetna or CommunityCare.These plans include health insurance coverage for
â?

?essential benefits,â?

which includes emergency services, maternity and
newborn care, mental health or substance use disorder services, prescription
drugs and laboratory service.

Plans also cover pre-existing conditions and
preventive care.

How do you sign up?You can look at plans available through the marketplace by
going to HealthCare.gov.

You can also enroll in a plan by calling (800)
318-2596, or (855) 889-4325 for text telephone (TTY).The website has a history
of being buggy, although federal officials have said the issues that the website
had when it initially opened in October have largely been resolved.

When
HealthCare.gov initially launched, many users experienced long wait times and
had frustrations with the website crashing.

Who can sign up for coverage?To be eligible for coverage, you must live in the
U.S., be a citizen or national or be lawfully present.

?re in prison.Depending on your income level, you might qualify for a
discount on your health insurance plan, known as a subsidy or premium tax
credit.

These credits are generally available to people who made a household
income between 100 percent and 400 percent of the federal poverty level.

?ll be asked about your income and likely told whether you
qualify for these benefits.In Oklahoma, if you earn less than 100 percent of the
federal poverty level, you generally do not qualify for a subsidy.

Oklahoma has
not expanded its Medicaid program, which was one of the measures of the
Affordable Care Act.

If Medicaid were expanded, it would likely include adults
who live in this poverty level.

Open enrollment is the time period when you can sign up or change your
health insurance plan.

?t be able to sign up for a plan
unless you have a â?

?qualifying life event,â?

such as you get married, divorced,
have a baby or adopt a child, or you lose your job.

What plans are available?You can buy a bronze, silver, gold or platinum plan,
but keep in mind that cost is not the only factor you should consider.Bronze
plans will have the highest deductibles and other cost sharing.

For example, a
bronze plan might have a much higher deductible but be available for a lower
cost than a plan with a lower deductible.

A deductible is the amount of money
you have to pay for certain services before your health insurance company begins
to pay for those services.Platinum plans generally have the lowest deductibles,
co-pays and other cost sharing.

In general, plans with lower cost sharing will
have higher premiums, and vice versa.You might also be eligible to buy a
catastrophic plan, which has the highest deductible among marketplace plans.

?s generally available only for adults up to age 30, and for older people
who canâ?

?t find any other marketplace policy that costs less than 8 percent of
their income.There are several differences among plans.

?s best to contact
insurers and ask specific questions about coverage details.

For example, a
planâ?

?s network might not include your primary care doctor.

What resources are available to help you enroll?In Oklahoma, dial 211 to be
connected with a marketplace navigator, someone whoâ?

?s trained in answering
questions about the process of buying insurance.By dialing 211, you can also
find out if thereâ?

?s a place close to your home where you can go in person to
talk with someone about plans and coverage.You can also talk with a licensed
insurance agent or broker.

Also, insurance companies will answer questions about
the plans they offer.In Oklahoma, you can also call the Oklahoma Primary Care
Association at 601-9270 to find out more about finding resources to help you
enroll in the plan that might work best for you.Source: Patricia Christensen,
certified marketplace navigator at Oklahoma Primary Care Association;
HealthCare.gov; Kaiser Family Foundation.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                              296 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            October 20, 2008, Monday

McCain health plan could take coverage away, report says

BYLINE: Paul J. Nyden, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg.

P3A

LENGTH: 444 words


Nearly 100,000 working West Virginians would lose health insurance through their
employers under health-care plan proposed by John McCain's campaign, a new
report says.

Since the McCain plan would eliminate tax breaks for businesses that provide
health insurance to their employees, many businesses - especially small
businesses - would chose to drop health coverage as a fringe benefit, the report
from the Economic Policy Institute says.

(See www.wvcag.org for the full report.)

Larry Matheney, secretary-treasurer of the West Virginia AFL-CIO, said McCain's
health plan "would eventually strip 99,125 West Virginia workers, currently
enrolled in employer based group plans, of their coverage and add them to the
rolls of the currently 250,000 uninsured West Virginians."

Larry Swann, chairman of the McCain campaign in West Virginia, did not return
telephone messages left at his office and his home.

The EPI Report, written by Josh Bivens and Elise Gould, estimates allowing
employers to deduct costs to provide employee health-insurance saves them about
$200 million in taxes each year.

"While the system is far from perfect, it does pool and spread risk, and it is
how 165 million U.S. residents under the age of 65 receive health insurance.

"Kicking away the foundations of this system should only be done if there is a
well-crafted alternative," the EPI report states.

McCain's plan includes a $5,000 tax credit to help people pay for health
insurance, a sum they can deduct directly from their federal taxes.

But health insurance for a typical family of four, the EPI estimates, could
easily cost $12,000 a year.

Appearing on "This Week" hosted by George Stephanopoulos on Sept. 28, McCain
acknowledged his plan could lead to tax increases for people whose employers
provide health insurance for them today.

The EPI report estimates 165 million U.S. residents under 65 receive health
insurance coverage through their employers today.

Since McCain's health-care reform plan would end this tax break for employers,
the EPI predicts as many as 27 million Americans nationwide could lose their
health insurance in the near future.

Zuckett criticized McCain's "on your own" approach to health insurance for
making it easier for insurance companies to deny coverage or raise rates based
on an individual's health history.

"We need an approach that actually delivers a solution of guaranteed quality,
affordable health care for all," he said.

Reach Paul J. Nyden at pjnyden@wvgazette.com or 348-5164.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Charleston Newspapers

                              297 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph (Nashua, New Hampshire)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 3, 2008 Thursday

American Medical Association tours New Hampshire to research health care

BYLINE: Ashley Smith, The Telegraph, Nashua, N.H.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 684 words


Jan. 3--HUDSON -- The American Medical Association is touring New Hampshire, as
the presidential primary draws nearer, to promote a three-point plan for
health-care reform that includes tax-funded coverage for the uninsured.

This part public, part private plan seeks first to provide health coverage to
the 47 million uninsured Americans through a voucher or tax credit program, and
then to reform the existing private system, AMA board member Dr. Joseph Annis
told The Telegraph editorial board Wednesday.

The reforms include ensuring all Americans have a choice of plans, and that
plans are portable -- meaning they can be transferred from state to state.

The
reforms also include offering financial incentives for health insurance
companies to take on high-risk patients.

"Everyone should have health insurance.

Annis said the AMA does not endorse particular candidates but is encouraging the
public to vote with its recommendations in mind to help put a stop to the
cost-shifting that is driving up the cost of insurance premiums.

"What we all need is relief on our health insurance premiums," he said.

The AMA developed the plan along with 15 other national health-care
organizations, including AARP, the American Hospital Association and America's
Health Insurance Plans, an association of health insurance companies.

The groups united two years ago under the name the Health Coverage Coalition for
the Uninsured, releasing the reform proposal last January.

The AMA is promoting
the recommendations now to encourage public outcry and policy change.

Annis said the group looked at other country's health plans but decided a public
health-care system would not work here because Americans value choice.

So they
came up with a "uniquely American" public-private system, he said.

The first step in implementing that plan -- developing a voucher system that
subsidizes the cost of health insurance for those who can't afford it -- was
viewed as the least disruptive way to reform health care, he said.

The group
decided reforming Medicare should be the second step.

Reforming the private health-care system would include rewarding, not
penalizing, health insurance companies for covering high-risk patients and
encouraging people not to wait for a serious illness to seek health insurance.

Annis said the economics of health care in this country are all wrong -- people
who buy private health insurance are paying for those without coverage.

In New
Hampshire, private insurers make up 43 percent of the total billing but pay 144
percent of health-care costs, he said.

The doctor also said the private health-care industry is abusing the system and
their patients by denying health-care coverage for procedures recommended by
doctors while lining the pocket of shareholders and executives.

The doctor said he could not pinpoint which primary candidate's health-insurance
plan is most aligned with the AMA's.

But he said the organization has seen some
"movement" since the recommendations were released last year, including more
candidates talking about a voucher system.

The doctor said the tipping point for change would come when the public decides
the nation's current system of health care is no longer sustainable.

In the short term, Annis said the AMA encourages states to test various
health-care reform plans -- as Massachusetts did last year by requiring all
residents to have health insurance.

But he said politicians eventually would have to find a countrywide solution to
the health-care crisis.

To see more of The Telegraph, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.nashuatelegraph.com Copyright (c) 2008, The Telegraph, Nashua, N.H.

For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080103-NH-HEALTH-CARE-20080103

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NH


                          Copyright 2008 The Telegraph

                              298 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 13, 2015 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1491  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              299 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1491  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              300 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1491  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              301 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 27, 2015 Tuesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              302 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 24, 2015 Saturday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              303 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 23, 2015 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              304 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 23, 2015 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              305 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 22, 2015 Thursday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              306 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 22, 2015 Thursday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              307 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 20, 2015 Tuesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              308 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 19, 2015 Monday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1491  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              309 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 19, 2015 Monday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1491  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              310 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 17, 2015 Saturday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              311 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 16, 2015 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              312 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 15, 2015 Thursday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              313 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 15, 2015 Thursday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              314 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 14, 2015 Wednesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              315 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 14, 2015 Wednesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              316 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 14, 2015 Wednesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              317 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 13, 2015 Tuesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              318 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 13, 2015 Tuesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              319 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 12, 2015 Monday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              320 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 12, 2015 Monday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              321 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 12, 2015 Monday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              322 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 10, 2015 Saturday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              323 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 9, 2015 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              324 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 9, 2015 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              325 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 8, 2015 Thursday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              326 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 7, 2015 Wednesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              327 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 7, 2015 Wednesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              328 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 6, 2015 Tuesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              329 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 6, 2015 Tuesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              330 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 5, 2015 Monday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              331 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 3, 2015 Saturday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              332 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 3, 2015 Saturday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              333 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 2, 2015 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              334 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 2, 2015 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              335 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 1, 2015 Thursday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              336 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 1, 2015 Thursday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              337 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 31, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              338 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 31, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              339 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 30, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              340 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 30, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              341 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 27, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1491  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              342 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 25, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1491 words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              343 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 24, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1491  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              344 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 23, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              345 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 23, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              346 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 22, 2014 Monday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              347 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 20, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              348 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 19, 2014 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              349 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 19, 2014 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              350 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 18, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              351 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 17, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              352 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 17, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              353 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 16, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              354 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 16, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              355 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 15, 2014 Monday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              356 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 15, 2014 Monday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              357 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 13, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              358 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 12, 2014 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              359 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 12, 2014 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              360 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 11, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              361 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 10, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              362 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 10, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              363 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 9, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              364 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 9, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              365 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 8, 2014 Monday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              366 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 8, 2014 Monday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              367 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              368 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              369 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              370 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 5, 2014 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              371 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 4, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              372 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 4, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              373 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              374 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              375 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 2, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              376 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 1, 2014 Monday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              377 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 1, 2014 Monday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              378 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 28, 2014 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              379 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 28, 2014 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              380 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 27, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              381 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 26, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              382 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 22, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              383 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 22, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              384 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 21, 2014 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              385 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 21, 2014 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              386 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 20, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              387 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 20, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              388 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 19, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              389 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 19, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              390 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 18, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              391 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 18, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              392 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 18, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              393 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 17, 2014 Monday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1491  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              394 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 17, 2014 Monday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              395 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 15, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1491  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              396 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 14, 2014 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1491  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              397 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 13, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              398 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 12, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              399 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 11, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              400 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 10, 2014 Monday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              401 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 10, 2014 Monday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              402 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 8, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              403 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 8, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              404 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 5, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              405 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 4, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              406 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 1, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              407 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 31, 2014 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              408 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 31, 2014 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              409 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 30, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              410 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 30, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              411 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 29, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              412 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              413 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              414 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 27, 2014 Monday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              415 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 24, 2014 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              416 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 22, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              417 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 21, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              418 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 21, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              419 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 20, 2014 Monday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              420 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 20, 2014 Monday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              421 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 18, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              422 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 18, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              423 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              424 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              425 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 16, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              426 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 15, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              427 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 14, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              428 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 13, 2014 Monday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              429 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 13, 2014 Monday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              430 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 13, 2014 Monday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              431 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 13, 2014 Monday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              432 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 11, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              433 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 11, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              434 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 10, 2014 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1491  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              435 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 10, 2014 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              436 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 9, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1491  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              437 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 9, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1491  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              438 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 8, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1491  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              439 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 7, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              440 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 6, 2014 Monday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              441 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              442 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 3, 2014 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              443 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              444 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 1, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              445 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 1, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              446 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              447 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              448 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              449 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              450 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              451 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              452 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              453 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              454 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              455 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              456 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              457 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              458 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              459 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              460 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              461 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              462 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              463 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              464 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              465 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              466 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              467 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              468 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              469 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 12, 2014 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              470 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 12, 2014 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              471 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              472 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              473 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              474 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 8, 2014 Monday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              475 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 6, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              476 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 6, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              477 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 5, 2014 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              478 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 4, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              479 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 4, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              480 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 3, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              481 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 3, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              482 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 2, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              483 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 1, 2014 Monday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              484 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 1, 2014 Monday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1501  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              485 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 29, 2014 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1491  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              486 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 29, 2014 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1491  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              487 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 28, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1491  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              488 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 28, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1491  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              489 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 27, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1491  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              490 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 27, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1491  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              491 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 26, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1491  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              492 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 26, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1491  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              493 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 23, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1491  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              494 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 22, 2014 Friday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1491  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              495 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1491  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              496 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1491  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              497 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 20, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1491  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              498 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 20, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1491  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              499 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 19, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-2299 Developmental services: health insurance copayments.

LENGTH: 1491  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 2299, as amended, Nazarian.

Developmental services: health insurance
copayments.

The Lanterman Developmental Disabilities Services Act authorizes the State
Department of Developmental Services to contract with regional centers to
provide services and supports to individuals with developmental disabilities.

Under existing law, the regional centers purchase needed services for
individuals with developmental disabilities through approved service providers
or arrange for their provision through other publicly funded agencies.

The
services and supports to be provided to a regional center consumer are contained
in an individual program plan or individualized family service plan, developed
in accordance with prescribed requirements.

Existing law authorizes a regional
center to pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance for a service or support
required by a consumer's individual program plan if the service is paid for by
the health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his
or her parent, guardian, or caregiver and, among other conditions, the family or
the consumer, as applicable, has an annual gross income that does not exceed
400% of the federal poverty level.

Existing law prohibits a regional center from
paying health care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

This bill would delete the prohibition against payment of deductibles and would
require authorize a regional center, without regard to the family's or
consumer's annual gross income, to pay any applicable copayment, or coinsurance,
or deductible for a service or support required by a consumer's individual
program plan if the support or service is paid for by the health care service
plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or his or her parent, guardian,
or caregiver.

The bill would also authorize a regional center to pay a
deductible associated with those plans or policies if the service or support is
necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult consumer in
the least-restrictive setting and specified conditions relating to the financial
need of the parent, caregiver, or consumer are satisfied.

Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.

(a) If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual
program plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant
to the California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with
Section 95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the
health care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer's parent,
guardian, or caregiver, the regional center may, when necessary to ensure that
the consumer receives the service or support, pay any applicable copayment or
coinsurance associated with the service or support for which the parent,
guardian, or caregiver is responsible if all both of the following conditions
are met:
(1) The consumer is covered by his or her parent's, guardian's, or caregiver's
health care service plan or health insurance policy.

(2)The family has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of the
federal poverty level.

(3)
(2) There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service
or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b) If a service or support provided to a consumer 18 years of age or older,
pursuant to his or her individual program plan, is paid for in whole or in part
by the consumer's health care service plan or health insurance policy, the
regional center may, when necessary to ensure that the consumer receives the
service or support, pay any applicable copayment or coinsurance associated with
the service or support for which the consumer is responsible if both of the
following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer has an annual gross income that does not exceed 400 percent of
the federal poverty level.

(2)There there is no other third party having liability for the cost of the
service or support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article
2.6 (commencing with Section 4659.10).

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) or paragraph (1) of
subdivision (b) subdivision (e), a regional center may pay a copayment or
coinsurance deductible associated with the health care service plan or health
insurance policy for a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's
individual program plan or individualized family service plan if the family's or
consumer's income exceeds 400 percent of the federal poverty level, the service
or support is necessary to successfully maintain the child at home or the adult
consumer in the least-restrictive setting, and the parents or consumer
demonstrate one or more of the following:
(1) The existence of an extraordinary event that impacts the ability of the
parent, guardian, or caregiver to meet the care and supervision needs of the
child or impacts the ability of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult
consumer with a health care service plan or health insurance policy, to pay the
copayment or coinsurance deductible.

(2) The existence of catastrophic loss that temporarily limits the ability to
pay of the parent, guardian, or caregiver, or adult consumer with a health care
service plan or health insurance policy and creates a direct economic impact on
the family or adult consumer.

For purposes of this paragraph, catastrophic loss
may include, but is not limited to, natural disasters and accidents involving
major injuries to an immediate family member.

(3) Significant unreimbursed medical costs associated with the care of the
consumer or another child who is also a regional center consumer.

(d)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy shall self-certify the
family's gross annual income to the regional center by providing copies of W-2
Wage Earners Statements, payroll stubs, a copy of the prior year's state income
tax return, or other documents and proof of other income.

(e)The parent, guardian, or caregiver of a consumer or an adult consumer with a
health care service plan or health insurance policy is responsible for notifying
the regional center when a change in income occurs that would result in a change
in eligibility for coverage of the health care service plan or health insurance
policy copayments or coinsurance.

(f)
(d) Documentation submitted pursuant to this section shall be considered records
obtained in the course of providing intake, assessment, and services and shall
be confidential pursuant to Section 4514.

(g) Regional
(e) Except as provided in subdivision (c), regional centers shall not pay health
care service plan or health insurance policy deductibles.

(h)
(f) This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

(a)If a service or support provided pursuant to a consumer's individual program
plan under this division or individualized family service plan pursuant to the
California Early Intervention Services Act (Title 14 (commencing with Section
95000) of the Government Code) is paid for, in whole or in part, by the health
care service plan or health insurance policy of the consumer or the consumer's
parent, guardian, or caregiver, the regional center shall pay any applicable
copayment, coinsurance, or deductible associated with the service or support for
which the consumer or the parent, guardian, or caregiver is responsible if both
of the following conditions are met:

(1)The consumer is covered by his or her own health care service plan or health
insurance policy, or that of his or her parent, guardian, or caregiver.

(2)There is no other third party having liability for the cost of the service or
support, as provided in subdivision (a) of Section 4659 and Article 2.6
(commencing with Section 4659.10).

(b)Notwithstanding subdivision (a), if the cost of a copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment associated with a service or support is more than the cost of
directly purchasing the service or support, a regional center may directly
purchase the service or support in lieu of paying the copayment, coinsurance, or
deductible payment.

(c)This section shall not be implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with
the requirements of Part C of the federal Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (20 U.S.C.

