
                               1 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 13, 2013 Tuesday

New York: Long Island Pharmacy Swindled State Out Of $235,000

LENGTH: 375  words

DATELINE: Albany


Office of the State Comptroller, The State of New York has issued the following
news release:

A Long Island pharmacy improperly collected at least $235,000 from Medicaid and
the New York State Health Insurance Program (NYSHIP) over a four-year period,
primarily through payments for phony prescriptions that were never delivered to
patients, according to audits released today by New York State Comptroller
Thomas P. DiNapoli.
The Empire Plan is the primary health benefits plan for NYSHIP and
includes prescription drug coverage.
For further information please visit: http://www.osc.state.ny.us/

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               2 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Times of Oman

                            November 8, 2016 Tuesday

Health cover for all workers a must in Oman

BYLINE: REJIMON K/CHIEF REPORTER[email protected]/*

LENGTH: 898 words


by REJIMON K/CHIEF REPORTER [email protected] In the first phase, the OCCI plans
to ensure health benefits for workers in firms with more than 100 employees.
A plan to ensure health cover across the private sector has been launched by the
government body, the Oman Chamber of Commerce and Industry.
In a notice issued on Tuesday, the OCCI urged firms to act according to the plan
and provide health insurance coverage for all workers.
Recently, medics and insurers confirmed that private sector companies are
excluding chronic and common medical conditions from health insurance plans due
to austerity measures.
http://imgs.syndigate.info/42/89/20/147870790295.jpg

In the first phase, the OCCI plans to ensure health benefits for workers in
firms with more than 100 employees.
"Our plan was modeled after the Oklahoma Health Improvement Plan released by the
state Board of Health in 2009," Kinney said.
"The state plan focuses on three
priority areas that we chose to replicate for Cleveland County: tobacco use
prevention, obesity reduction, and children's health. "
9A

LENGTH: 729 words


President Obama recently appealed to Christian and Jewish leaders in what was
supposed to be a private conference call, during which he suggested that his
plan for so-called health care reform is essential to the ethical and moral
obligation of looking out for one another.
This raises the following question:
If health care is a moral and ethical issue as Obama says it is, why is
determining the effectiveness of a government-run health care plan not above his
pay grade?
The Corporate Conscience and Ethical Protection Act, sponsored by Sen. Mitch
McConnell (R-KY), exempts businesses from including prescription contraceptives,
morning-after pills, and other forms of birth control in their employee health
plans if such companies object to females on moral or ethical grounds.
According
to its backers, the federal statute permits these employers to act in accordance
with their aversion to women, thereby safeguarding their most fundamentally held
principles.
The commission also suggested that the Government was not meeting its ''ethical
obligation'' to families removed from the rolls of the Social Security
disability program.
Such a tax, if properly designed, would not ''compromise access to adequate
health care,'' the panel said, because the tax would ''primarily affect
middle-and upper-income families.''
In my view, the correct answers to these questions
can best be achieved through the exercise of personal and economic freedom,
secured through limited governmental  [*664]  action and a market economy.
Recall that
federal tax relief is unlimited; there is no end to the generosity of the health
care plan that can get tax free status.
One can
look at The Congressional Record of that period and search in vain to find any
member of Congress or anyone in the Roosevelt Administration articulating a
highly developed theory that the very best way to promote broad health care
coverage and restructure the health insurance industry was to favor exclusive
tax relief for health plans purchased only at the place of work.
Virtually all of the major economic and financial problems of the American
health care system, including the problems of rising cost and declining access,
and now, serious misgivings about health care quality in the managed care
system, stem from the fundamental distortions in the American health insurance
market.
Plus, given the inequity of the
tax treatment of health insurance, which appears to benefit high-income persons
with large benefit plans at the expense of low-income persons without employer
based health insurance; there is a profound unfairness in the current system.
(Without the tax-free income in the form of health care benefits, America's
uninsured, most of who are in working families without employer based coverage,
pay relatively higher taxes.)
Instead of addressing these fundamental  [*667]
distortions in the market, we have Members of Congress arguing for patchwork
compromises that often aggravate these problems or promote an even greater
government management of the system.
We have no system of refundable tax
credits or premium subsidies for low-income persons who would like to buy into
the private insurance market.
The President of the United States
has already made a major decision concerning the use of federal funds for
embryonic stem cell research, and has convened a special presidential commission
to address the difficult problems of biomedical ethics.
Whatever the outcome of either scientific investigation or the publicly
determined legality of these investigations, the fact remains that today the
freedom of conscience of Americans enrolled in public and private health
insurance programs is not currently protected.
Many Americans do not even realize
that they are often paying premiums for medical treatments or procedures that
violate their stated personal religious, ethical or moral convictions.
The mandate would require any
health plan offering maternity services to also offer elective abortion
services.
Legislative bodies, mostly at the state level, are enacting mandates to cover
contraception in health insurance plans, and, in some cases, even for plans
sponsored by religious or religiously-affiliated institutions.
1111 and S. 104) that would impose a federal
contraceptive mandate, including prescription contraceptive drugs and devices,
on health plans.
If we continue to maintain the current structural arrangements in health care
policy, including the structure of government regulatory control over the
benefit decisions and where individuals and families are  [*671]  effectively
denied the opportunity to make concrete choices over health plans and benefits,
we can continue to expect the worst outcome of current policy; a violation of
our right of conscience.
Ask
yourselves these questions anytime you ponder healthcare policy or healthcare
reform, especially in the context of medical or biomedical ethics.
The good news is that there is a growing, bipartisan consensus among
professional economists and health care policy analysts, that we ought to change
the tax treatment of health insurance for the purpose not only of creating a
more efficient market, but also to expand health care coverage and empower
individuals and families to make the key decisions which affect their health
care.
Practically speaking, this means that individuals and families would make the
key decisions about the kinds of health plans they get, the kind of benefits
they get and the kind of treatments they get.
Young adults
dying or being disabled, especially if they are of working age, are not good
looks for the economy.
For infectious diseases, chronic diseases, cancer and mental illness, a huge
package of effective, efficient preventive programs sits on the shelf of
opportunity, and investment in these strategies would be a good use of public
money, which is said to be a major concern of those wanting to return payment
for health care to individuals.
It needs to invest in new models of care, especially for chronic
illness, to establish its competitive value.
One of them, an American-born
Japanese businessman, offered to send me a special fish, prepared for eating, as
a token of appreciation.
At issue are extra payments made by Aultman Health Foundation to insurance
brokers to steer more business to the foundation's AultCare health plan,
McKinley Life insurance group and Aultman Hospital.
Because people and companies buy insurance based on price and services included
in a plan, insurers' premiums are very comparable, Mr. Petro said.
Although the override payments don't necessarily show up on the cost breakdown
for a health plan, they are part of the total cost of doing business for the
insurer, said Paul Nachtwey, vice president for Todd Insurance brokerage in
Beachwood, who also worked for Medical Mutual and Blue Cross and Blue Shield for
18 years.
For the past
year-and-a-half she has been engaged in a comprehensive study of organizational
ethical issues facing 14 health care providers in the GTA, and access for the
uninsured emerged as a major concern.
29

LENGTH: 864 words



HIGHLIGHT: A presidential committee explored the ethics of health system reform
and plans to release a report later this year.
The council's first chair, Leon Kass, MD, PhD,
primarily focused the group's attention on the ethical implications of
scientific advancements such as cloning and assisted reproductive technology.
In an interview, Dr. Pellegrino said the goal of the council is not to recommend
any political party's plan but to lay out in "an orderly, systematic and
critical way" the ethical implications of various approaches on access to care,
medical innovation, and individual freedom and responsibility.
The reform plans are "all based on data and empirical evidence that we
are entirely incompetent to evaluate," he said.
"If we're concerned about the 18,000 deaths a year due to uninsurance,
then we are morally obligated to go with a plan that has been shown to work."
The research conducted by philosopher William Grey with dentistry lecturer
Suzette Porter reveals that some dentists are not happy with the professional
standards of some colleagues.
Associate Professor Grey, who teaches professional and applied ethics, said the
first category -- problems relating to other dentists -- was the largest,
particularly the perception that patients were arriving with poor prior dental
work.
It included case examples relating to informing patients of treatment plan
alternatives, overservicing, requests to falsify receipts, substandard treatment
and patient requests for inappropriate treatment.
"Just the Human Genome Project alone is the Full Employment Act for
bioethicists," says Arthur L. Caplan, director of the University of Minnesota's
Center for Biomedical Ethics, referring to the effort to map genetic diseases
and traits.
Caplan estimates that there are about 2,000 bioethicists, mostly drawn from the
academic ranks of theology and philosophy.
An ethical dismissal --
baboon heart or liver transplants, perhaps -- could stop a potential medical
juggernaut in its tracks.
Clearly, health insurance companies need to have
bioethicists on call, perhaps specializing in areas such as transplants, gene
mapping and reproductive technologies.
Of course, labor unions may need bioethicists to ensure that health plans are
being fairly applied, and maybe groups such as the American Association of
Retired Persons will want bioethicists to represent their interests to the
medical community.
"The emergence of the bioethics expert in the courtroom has just begun," says
the University of Minnesota's Caplan.
For example, both Caplan and Gostin are concerned about whether there will
ultimately be state or federal licensing of bioethicists.
The fate of privacy in our age of science is mainly, but not solely, a
[*889]  worry of ethicists, heath-care providers, and lawyers.
Because of what
Dorothy Nelkin calls the "social power" of information,  n7 personal privacy
merits protection from employers, insurers, researchers, heath-care providers,
schools, businesses, and government.
Second, can health-care providers adequately serve non-white Americans, knowing
that many are uneasy about science, formal medicine, and explorations of human
health and intellect?
As
a member of the Council, I frequently reflected on the implications for minority
groups of the nation's portfolio of scientific, social scientific, and
humanistic research relating to genetics.
The history of human achievement has been marred by the dissemination of a
good deal of scholarly and scientific nonsense about inherited [*890]  traits.
This Symposium
contains a great deal of information about the misuses of science and scientific
information relating to genetics, about the potential for clinical abuses, and
about government complicity.
But
as the Symposium demonstrates, at least four key issues surround the evaluation
of genetic testing: (1) whether genetic testing practices are based on accurate
information and research, rather [*892]  than on myth, stereotype and prejudiced
interpretations; (2) whether society provides equity in access to genetic
testing with clear health benefits; (3) whether the delivery of genetic testing
and other services is voluntary and appropriately respects the dignity, privacy,
and confidentiality of individuals and families; and (4) whether there can be
equal respect for the choices people of color make on the basis of genetic
information, especially if those choices are different from the choices whites
make.
Health 1116 (1978) (discussing latent
psychological and social questions surrounding genetic screening programs that
must be answered before national genetic screening program plans progress);
Joseph Kupfer, The Ethics of Genetic Screening in the Workplace, 3 Bus.
2

LENGTH: 929 words

DATELINE: OSAKA


A number of cases have been discovered in which patients in need of kidney
transplants have falsified their relationship with donors to meet the ethical
guidelines of the Japan Society for Transplantation, which approves organ
transplants between patients and their relatives.
In the most recent case, a patient who received a kidney transplant at a
hospital in Uwajima, Ehime Prefecture, and his common-law wife were arrested on
suspicion of illegally purchasing a kidney.
According to Haruki, the young man nervously
explained: "I owe my father-in-law a debt of gratitude.
Hospital probed over fraud

OSAKA--The Ehime Health Insurance Bureau decided Wednesday to inspect an Ehime
Prefecture hospital on suspicion it used misappropriated public money to perform
surgeries, including a transplant of an illegally purchased kidney.
When one of any 24 types of operations, including kidney transplants, are
performed using public health insurance, the hospital in question is required to
provide the patient with an explanation of the surgery in writing.
Only after meeting the four requirements and reporting to health insurance
bureaus, hospitals are allowed to request medical costs be covered by public
health insurance.
It was also pleasing that an international survey revealed 66 per cent
of respondents were willing to pay more for products and services that came from
companies committed to positive social and environmental impact.
Inclusionary zoning requires developers of large residential properties
- 20 units or more - to set aside a percentage of units for low/moderate income
households.
If the community are
to genuinely make a contribution to making housing, both ownership and rental,
affordable then governments can play their role by mandating inclusionary zoning
in planning decisions.
Jon Petelczyc Floreat

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CARTOON by: Matt Golding

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Irish Daily Mail

                            February 9, 2015 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

Is this health plan really the best way?
Or would be be better
served to stop, think, and engage all our health professional in coming up with
a plan for a proper health system, free for all who need it at the point of
delivery?
From an ethical standpoint, none of us aspires to make life-and-death decisions
based on the type of health care plan.
From an economic viewpoint, the costs of both private and government health
plans unavoidably trickle down to us as consumers and employees.
Unlike most
neighboring states, Wisconsin is actually shedding private-sector jobs because
of Walker's inept approach and reliance on political cronies rather than
economic development professionals.
LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Long Island Business News (New York)

                            August 13, 2013 Tuesday

NY state audit: Long Island pharmacy billed for fake prescriptions

BYLINE: Claude Solnik

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 447  words


A pharmacy in Rockville Centre improperly collected at least $235,000 from
Medicaid and the New York State Health Insurance Program over four years,
primarily through phony prescriptions, according to a state audit.
They randomly sampled 840 of 59,538 claims paid to Davis Ethical by Medicaid and
NYSHIP, the insurance plan for government employees, valued at around $7
million.
Many prescriptions were processed outside normal business hours, including three
between 11 p.m. and midnight, according to auditors.
"Although it is reasonable to expect a limited number of prescriptions to be
processed outside of normal business hours, we question why nearly half of the
improper prescriptions were processed after normal hours," auditors wrote.
Examples of   the constraints include asking doctors to maintain the repeat
visit rate of their general practitioner and specialist services below 10 per
cent and 15 per cent respectively.
"This has broadened the horizon," said Drage, on his way to the last sessions of
the course - the panel discussion on treatment of handicapped newborns and the
lecture on perspectives in law and ethics.
The rights of patients and professionals, an examination of the ways patients'
rights and health professionals' rights come into conflict and how those
conflicts might be resolved.
Ethical issues in the care of the mentally retarded, which included a discussion
of the question of whether, if all the "retarded" individuals in society were
eliminated, society would pick a new group to call "retarded."
One of the main purposes of the course, said Hellegers, was to teach the
participants that "there is such a thing as a professional ethicist."
When faced with a major problem in their home institution, such as whether it is
right to carry on a particular research program, Hellegers hopes those who took
the course will "know that when there's a discussion to be led they'd better get
a professional ethicist."
A PEF official told Pakistan Today, "The DMD transferred the total amount of the
emergency allowance into his personal account for the medical treatment of his
father.
A PEF official told Pakistan Today, "The DMD transferred the total amount of the
emergency allowance into his personal account for the medical treatment of his
father.
Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Asia News Network (ANN)

                              June 6, 2017 Tuesday

FM nominee's confirmation grows tougher

BYLINE: Jung Min-kyung

LENGTH: 561  words


Kang Kyung-wha, nominated to become South Korea's first female foreign minister,
is considered an embodiment of an "alpha female" with a resume that includes
serving as special policy adviser to the United Nations secretary-general.
Woods says that, as a former life insurance agent, he understands how much
consumers depend on the ethical conduct, reliability and reputation of agents
and insurance companies.
'Consumers depend on ethical conduct and reliability'

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2003 The National Underwriter Company


                              32 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

Huge medical advances will bring big ethical dilemmas

SECTION: The Review; B3

LENGTH: 400 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Early in the genome project's planning, organizers recognized that a complete
revelation of the human genetic code would precipitate not only benefits but
ethical challenges as well.
The Senate version (but not the House version) of so-called patients' bill of
rights legislation would extend Kassebaum-Kennedy protections to private health
plans.
A PEF official told Pakistan Today, "The DMD transferred the total amount of the
emergency allowance into his personal account for the medical treatment of his
father.
Since 2010, CEBJA has annually sponsored the contest to draw student attention
to the ethical dilemmas that dental students and professional dentists may
encounter and provide an exercise focusing on appropriate responses based on the
ADA Principles of Ethics and Code of Professional Conduct.
Since 2010, CEBJA has annually sponsored the contest to draw student attention
to the ethical dilemmas that dental students and professional dentists may
encounter and provide an exercise focusing on appropriate responses based on the
ADA Principles of Ethics and Code of Professional Conduct.
Cancer coverage

A NEW health insurance policy specifically designed to cover the many special
costs associated with cancer patients has been launched by the US-based American
Family Assurance.
The super plan provides for double the basic plan benefits and the deluxe plan
triples the basic plan benefits.
The costs double and triple accordingly

The company says these benefits are payable in addition to other cash payments
and monies received from other sources, such as other income replacement or
sickness insurance or workers' compensation.
A Respectful, Ethical System:

Our health care system must be based on the highest ethical standards, and must
recognize the worth and dignity of the whole person including biological,
emotional, physical, psychological, social and spiritual needs.
Transparency and Accountability:

The decisions governments and providers make in operating our health care system
should be clear and transparent.
Care should be integrated,
multidisciplinary, timely and convenient, and services should be designed around
the health of the population, with emphasis on the physical, social, economic
and environmental determinants of health.
However, the final statement is crafted, a Covenant is an essential step in
restoring Canadians' confidence, reaffirming our collective commitment to
medicare, and reflecting Canadians' values in a clear and compelling statement
of our vision and expectations for Canada's health care system.
The taxes to pay for an affordable public health insurance plan could be
pro-rated to people's income and taken from their pay checks.
Why is it sinful to even talk about raising taxes to support Medicare when
private insurance companies are raising premiums 30 percent or more a year?
I plan to lead efforts in Washington to promote the University of Kansas Cancer
Center's bid to achieve the National Cancer Institute designation as it works to
make the final application.
But the budget's limited moral virtue is
not undermined because the future is uncertain and because the government has
assumed debt that may condemn future generations to diminished prospects.
They must do their best and expect at best only
marginal support from Liberals who are averse to accumulating significant debt
for social purposes.
Indeed, recent
scientific advances are spawning new ethical issues in medicine--and by
extension, in health care financing as well.
[1] This arrangement is the product
of social policies since the 1940s that have favored it, mainly by treating
employer-provided health benefits as tax-free income to workers.
Moral obligations attach not
only to the employer's decisions with respect to selecting or designing the
plan, but also to the employee's participation in the plan, since such plans are
collective arrangements funded with monies that would otherwise be part of the
worker's cash wages.
Yet, most workers probably do not know if their employer's health plan uses
their money to pay for items or services that they consider immoral.
They might
be surprised to learn, for example, that a 2003 health care coverage survey
found that 46 percent of workers with employer-sponsored health insurance were
covered by plans that paid for abortion services.
[2] Indeed, there have been
instances in which even conscientious employers, including some Catholic
institutions, discovered that they had been, unintentionally, providing their
workers with health plans that include coverage for morally objectionable items
or procedures.
These situations occur because changing social norms and developments in medical
science have steadily altered what is considered "standard" or "typical" in
employer health plan coverage.
Unless an employer is diligent in excluding
morally objectionable services from its health plan coverage, one or more of
those services are increasingly likely to be in the plan by default.
The legislation expands federal government regulation of private health care
coverage in a number of significant ways, three of which embody this significant
shift in authority:

First, it grants the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) sweeping
new powers to impose a wide range of benefit requirements on policies sold by
health insurers and, in some cases, on employer-sponsored health plans as well.
The principal
justification offered for the requirement on individuals to obtain health
insurance is that it is part of "a broader regulatory scheme" embodied in the
new law:

First, and perhaps most fundamentally, in a remarkable shift whose precedent
lies in the watershed Civil Rights Act of 1964, the [PPACA] transforms health
insurance into a public accommodation....
[4]

It is under this "public accommodation" rationale that the government now
asserts the power to: (1) require employers to fund and manage health plans for
their workers; (2) compel individuals to purchase health coverage; and (3)
determine the scope and benefits of the coverage that must be provided and
purchased.
[8] Indeed, that has been
the experience with benefit mandates imposed by state governments on insurers,
though employers can avoid state government mandates by not purchasing coverage
from an insurance company and instead designing and funding their own
"self-insured" plans.
One option for a Catholic or other conscientious employer, would be to simply
discontinue the employee health plan and convert plan contributions back into
cash wages paid to the workers.
Yet, all of the
alternative plans available to them in either the individual insurance market,
or through the employer of another worker in the family, would be required to
include the morally objectionable items or services.
Another option would be for employers who are conscientious objectors to
redesign their employee health benefit plans in ways that:

exclude coverage of morally objectionable items and services, and thus do not
violate their consciences;
 avoid exposing their organizations to the ruinous fines imposed on
non-compliant plans, yet; and
 still enable them to offer their workers employer-sponsored health benefits on
a pre-tax basis.
I have been working with others who also have expertise in this area to develop
a template for such benefit plan redesigns that Catholic and other objecting
employers could use.
Even if the plaintiffs
challenging the imposition of the contraceptive coverage mandate eventually
prevail in court, the government would still retain the power to later impose
one or more other morally objectionable coverage requirements.
It would need to be functionally meaningful by also permitting health insurers
to offer plans that exclude from coverage specific items or services if their
customers have moral objections to funding or facilitating those items or
services.
It is possible to construct a comprehensive, just, and
equitable health care system without subordinating the needs and authority of
patients to those of government, employers, insurers, or medical providers.
For more information please visit: http://www.heritage.org

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                       June 21, 2004 Monday Final Edition

An ethical approach to medicare

SOURCE: The Ottawa Citizen

BYLINE: Jacques J. M. Shore

SECTION: News; Pg.
I believe a universal health care system is possible
and worthy of keeping, but it is critical that we ask ourselves some tough
questions and then address the issues maturely to meet the ethical requirements
of health care.
In turn,
issues concerning life are fundamentally a question of social justice, which
makes approaching the subject from an ethical perspective both natural and
necessary.
If the government is to prohibit privately funded purchases of core health
services, does it not therefore have an ethical obligation to deliver health
services within appropriate scientific norms and in a timely manner?
Now most of that cost will have to be picked up by individuals, who
must either buy private insurance plans costing hundreds or even thousands
of dollars or pay the full cost of out-of-country health care themselves,
a prospect that could bankrupt some people.
Constitutional issue: Choose one of the following: As far as medicare
is concerned, the province of Ontario is (a) unwaveringly committed to
federal principles of Canadian medicare, (b) willing to bend the
principles a little here and there, (c) it's hard to tell.
In its discussion paper released yesterday on the need for
a Canadian social charter, Ontario makes much of the government's desire
to enshrine universal medicare as a Canadian constitutional principle.
The
paper lists the five basic principles of medicare found in the Canada
Health Act, including comprehensiveness (coverage of all medically
required services) and universality (provided to all residents).
Indeed, it could mean more business for the doctors as
many Ontario residents are prevented from obtaining specialized medical
services in the United States or elsewhere.
DANCING Take a tip from Strictly Come Dancing - as well as the physical
benefits, there are huge psychological boosts.
"Gradually relax your muscles, mentally
focusing on each muscle area as you work through the body, " Roberts says.
These two companies
represented 82 employees plus family members who had had long-time,
employer-provided health insurance plans like most full-time working Americans
but were suddenly uninsured except through Obamacare.
If Republicans succeed in
repealing Obamacare, will these same companies welcome their employees back to
an employer-sponsored/subsidized health care plan that has long been the
business model for health insurance in America?
So you make the mistake of taking the bull by the horns (just as they told you
in that practice seminar) and you phone "provider services" at InsurerX.
The lady on the phone is allowed to look up only 10 codes at a time
for any given "provider," because "anything more would keep us from providing
excellent services to all our subscribers."
A PEF official told Pakistan Today, "The DMD transferred the total amount of the
emergency allowance into his personal account for the medical treatment of his
father.
Co-operative shies away from third world debt and only invests
in socially responsible companies.
Skandia Life offers whole-of-life insurance with
an ethical investment element at a minimum monthly premium of only pounds 15,
invested in the Royal Skandia Jupiter Ecology Fund.
Brewin
Dolphin, Capel-Cure Sharp, Greig Middleton and Rathbones all offer specialist
ethical services and can be contacted through the Association of Private Client
Stockbrokers and Investment Managers (Apcims).
Callers to the IFA Promotion hotline can request the name of an independent
financial adviser specialising in ethical investment.
Nature
Save; 01865-242280; Apcims; 0171-247-7080


LOAD-DATE: October 18, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              51 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Daily Yomiuri(Tokyo)

                            October 3, 2006 Tuesday

Doctor not a transplant society member

BYLINE: Yomiuri

SECTION: Pg.
2

LENGTH: 824 words

DATELINE: MATSUYAMA


A doctor who transplanted an allegedly illegally purchased kidney has never been
a member of the Japan Society for Transplantation, which sets ethical guidelines
for transplants, it was learned Monday.
The 59-year-old man who received the kidney and his 59-year-old common-law wife
were arrested Sunday on suspicion of violating the Organ Transplant Law.
The society is the only organization that stipulates the eligibility of donors
and the procedures for conducting organ transplants.
Since the illegal
transplant was conducted by a nonmember doctor, the society is facing problems
on how to conduct investigations and how to take measures.
Mannami, however, is a renowned figure who has conducted a substantial number of
kidney transplants in Uwajima.
He conducted 545 kidney transplants from living
donors from 1977 to 2004, when he retired from the city hospital.
In 2000 alone, the hospital conducted 36 kidney transplants from living donors--
the second-largest number in the nation--and 35 transplants in 2001, which was
ranked third in the nation, according to the society.
After he moved to Uwajima Tokushukai Hospital, which opened in April 2004,
Mannami conducted 82 transplants.
Mannami was the only doctor in charge of kidney transplants from living donors
conducted at the Uwajima Tokushukai Hospital.
Mikio Ichikawa, director of the Uwajima Hospital, said:
"Although almost all the transplant cases were conducted by Dr. Mannami, he
managed to establish a rapport with patients and their families.
"Basically, the hospital has a problem... because it has no ethical committee
and has not obtained any written consent from the patient about the transplant,"
he said.
Couple explored other options

The common-law couple in Uwajima arrested on suspicion of violating the Organ
Transplant Law, tried to persuade a male relative of the husband to donate his
kidney, it has been learned.
The woman agreed, and the transplant was conducted in September 2005.
Perhaps the key issue in the whole plan for universal health insurance is what
should be contained in the standard health basket - the package of services for
which everyone in the country will have to be insured.
Well, don't
forget your Medicare card, as Medicare will pay the specialist for this
state-run service.
Suddenly, in the blink of an eye, some outpatient clinics were privatised -
saving the state money, increasing the specialists' incomes, with Medicare
paying another unintended and unplanned cost.
DS

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GLE


                      Copyright 2017 Gloucestershire Echo
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             May 5, 1993, Wednesday

Clinton's health-care plan could take away our freedom of choice

BYLINE: TERRY SANDERSON Atlanta Terry Sanderson has lived in Atlanta for less
than a year.
He is pursuing a graduate degree in mechanical engineering at
Georgia Tech and enjoys hiking and canoeing in his free time.health; care;
reform; taxation; public; reaction; opinion

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Section A; Page 15

LENGTH: 347 words


The Editors: President Clinton is promising us Utopia: "adequate and affordable
health care for all."
I wonder very much if Clinton and his task force have fully considered ethics in
their planning.
The question "will Clinton's plan work?"
is
irrelevant until one first answers the question: Is what he plans to do ethical?
If the government forcibly takes our income to pay for this program, it
will be saying that we have no right to dispose of our income.
I submit to you: If government imposes taxation for health care on us all by
law, then this health-care plan will be fundamentally unethical.
DS

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GLE


                      Copyright 2017 Gloucestershire Echo
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Long Island Business News (New York)

                          September 24, 2015 Thursday

Ex LI pharmacist arrested

BYLINE: Claude Solnik

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 245  words


William Davis, the 62-year-old former owner of Davis Ethical Pharmacy in
Rockville Centre, was arrested Thursday and charged with larceny for allegedly
submitting phony prescription records to be reimbursed.
- Demonstrates ethical
and legal behavior in all professional activities.
- Understands and supports
Kaiser Permanente policies, legal considerations and professional ethics.
17A

LENGTH: 2885 words


A New Year's resolution of the American people for the upcoming year should be
to take the weapon of ethical right to their political representatives relative
to the need for a viable national health insurance plan that will cover all
Americans.
Thanks are also owed to all of the volunteers, federal, city and local
governmental agencies, financial partners, corporate sponsors, and other NFL
players who support this great program.
We need a law that
makes it illegal for insurance companies to deny coverage because of a
pre-existing condition."
Ann Rothery of Webster Groves worries about all the things every mother worries
about - her son's grades, his social life, his future plans.
Hoggard's experience with a local preferred provider organization jeopardized
his credit rating, landed him in court and convinced him that a national health
insurance system was needed.
Doctors, as well as being health care professionals,
must also be successful in business in order to survive.
If proven,
the allegations will amount to a major fraud on the Australian public by a
self-regulating professional group which prides itself on maintaining ethical
standards of the highest order.
The
surrogate mother's contribution is nine months and it raises fundamental ethical
questions about the exploitation of women's bodies, about possible
commodification of children, about the right of a child to know his origins."
Temporarily leaving his bioethics post at the National Institutes of Health to
become White House special adviser on health policy, Emanuel helped shape a
health reform bill signed into law last year that will see the largest expansion
of healthcare provision in the US in decades, guaranteeing access to medical
insurance for an extra 32 million people by 2019.
The heart and
soul of the legislation is really to continue the employer-based system
whereby most people get their coverage through their work   and then to provide
subsidies to small businesses and families to help them afford insurance
premiums.
Medicaid, the government insurance scheme, will also expand to include those
within a greater range of the poverty line and  exchanges  or marketplaces will
be set up, enabling citizens to compare the coverage of rival insurance
providers.
A
new unit trust group, Medical Investments, feels the idea will become
increasingly popular and is launching The Health Fund specializing in the
international health sector.
Financial
and technical problems of the Clinton health plan dominate public concerns.
SMALL BUSINESS: UW Extension's Wisconsin Small Business Development Center
Network helped 260 entrepreneurs develop business plans, aided in the start of
159 businesses, and held training sessions for 8,800 current and potential
business owners in 2010.
Other planned agencies would give the federal government unprecedented and
unaccountable control.
The fear of government rationing is based on the premise that once government
has such power, especially the ability to control what is covered by your
private insurance policy, it also has the power to deny and restrict.
What we see at
town-hall meetings are Americans who legitimately believe it would be
fundamentally unjust for government panels to make these kind of ethical
decisions instead of individuals, loved ones and doctors.
Creating a nationwide health insurance market where any
individual or group can shop for less expensive coverage from another state
would provide more choices, forcing private plans to create better products,
improve services and lower prices.
LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2009 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              74 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 27, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Olson Acts To Protect Healthcare Employees Constitutional Rights

LENGTH: 341  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Pete Olson has issued the following news release:



 Last night Rep. Pete Olson (TX-22) voted to protect the rights of individuals
and healthcare providers who have ethical and religious objections to abortion.
This bill will prevent the Federal Government, and any State or
local government that receives Federal funds from penalizing, retaliating
against, or otherwise discriminating against a health care provider on the basis
that the provider does not participate in abortion services.
"While there is agreement on both sides that no one should be forced to have an
abortion, there is no protection for those healthcare providers who oppose
performing an abortion on moral, ethical or religious grounds," Rep. Olson said.
4828:



 In violation of a federal law known as the Weldon Amendment, the California
Department of Managed Health Care requires health plans to cover abortions.
The Weldon Amendment provides that states receiving federal funds may not
discriminate against health plans based on their decision not to cover or pay
for abortions.
In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 23, 1994, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Managed Care Is Supermarket Medicine;
Doctors' Ethical Bind

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 24;  Column 6;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 438 words


To the Editor:

The editorial "Sneak Attack on Health Reform" (April 11) attacks "any willing
provider" provisions in health care plans, under which any provider willing to
accept a plan's fees and standards must be accepted by the insurance plan.
The result is that they often
exclude highly trained and experienced providers who they think may prescribe
more expensive treatment, and allow in mediocre practitioners who they think
will be more compliant with the company's wish to save money.
In mental health treatment, the area with which I am familiar, brief,
inexpensive and inadequate treatment is often all that is approved, when more
extensive treatment is necessary.
Without any-willing-provider provisions, a doctor who asks an insurance company
for more treatment than the company says is necessary risks being thrown off the
company's list of approved providers.
When a national
health care plan comes into being, predictions are that there will be only a few
insurance companies providing health coverage, each one of which will cover very
large numbers of people.
In that case, being dumped from the approved provider
list will not only mean sudden termination of ongoing treatments, but the loss
of potential patients.
JAY B. FRANKEL
New York, April 13, 1994

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              76 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                           November 13, 2014 Thursday

Medical liability and malpractices conference begins

BYLINE: Suchitra Bajpai Chaudhary Senior Reporter

LENGTH: 642 words


Dubai: Medicine is a humane profession and one of the most important
stakeholders in the health-care sector is the patient who is at the receiving
end for health-care services.
The two-day conference (being held on November 12-13) aims to
cover the entire spectrum of issues related to medical liability and
malpractices in the practice of medicine and has representation from the medical
and pharmaceutical field from GCC and Arab countries.
Dr Tawfik Al Khawaja, Director-General of the Ministry of Health for GCC states,
and Dr Rafat Al Fawri, spokesperson for the Arab League, both emphasised the
professional, legal and ethical aspects of medical practice.
Reps. John F. Quinn and Martin J. Walsh have proposed measures aimed at
decentralizing power by imposing term limits for the House speaker, requiring
election of the speaker pro tempore and decreasing the number of votes needed to
call a caucus or special session.
My partner would be
eligible for some government aid if she applied as a single person, but it feels
disingenuous to do so, because as a family, we make well above the poverty line.
Similarly, although I favor a more progressive income tax, one that might compel
a nice fellow like me to write a bigger check, I am not morally obliged to send
the IRS more money than current law prescribes.
OK, I've rephrased it totally and unflatteringly, but the
answer -- no --- is provided by the American Psychiatric Association's
"Principles of Medical Ethics," which requires you to be "honest in all
professional interactions."
Public and private sector planning for long-term care is the solution, said
Bruce L. Boyd, vice president of group operations for the Teacher's Insurance
and Annuity Association.
Mr. Collopy said the current system is based on merit because beneficiaries must
pay into the system to receive benefits.
Following the series of allegations, Rep. Jin Sun-mee from the main opposition
party on Sunday accused Lee's second son of not paying some 24 million won
($22,000) in national health insurance premiums since 2011.
The Health Insurance Association of America classified
Medicaid as ''a government insurance program for persons of all ages whose
income and resources are insufficient to pay for health care.''
And if it does, society has a
responsibility to provide a minimum level of care, just as he will have a
responsibility to pay federal income tax if he ends up selling a novel.
The Health Insurance Association of America classified
Medicaid as ''a government insurance program for persons of all ages whose
income and resources are insufficient to pay for health care.''
And if it does, society has a
responsibility to provide a minimum level of care, just as he will have a
responsibility to pay federal income tax if he ends up selling a novel.
The Health Insurance Association of America classified
Medicaid as ''a government insurance program for persons of all ages whose
income and resources are insufficient to pay for health care.''
And if it does, society has a
responsibility to provide a minimum level of care, just as he will have a
responsibility to pay federal income tax if he ends up selling a novel.
Here's what she
had to say: "Responsible, ethical companies like ImagiPLAY show real leadership
in manufacturing toys out of earth-friendly, renewable plantation hardwoods
close to the homes of workers who are paid wages according to Fair Trade
Federation Guidelines and have health insurance and retirement benefits.
Gwyneth has a strong leaning towards ethical investments, hence her Friends
Provident Stewardship Fund personal equity plan (Pep).
Looking at pension planning, Guy says that as the retained benefits from
Gwyneth's local-authority and teacher superannuation schemes have been
transferred to her university pension, she will receive a pension equivalent to
31 years' service at 55 - and would thus be nine years short of achieving her
maximum two-thirds of final salary.
Due to the huge response to the Money
Makeover series, we regret that we cannot enter into any correspondence


LOAD-DATE: June 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Money Makeover; Profile; Gwyneth Owen Jackson

                    Copyright 1997 Times Newspapers Limited


                              87 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                             March 28, 2016 Monday

GUEST COLUMN;
A prescription for a better health care system

SECTION: IL OPINION; Pg.
What I propose is not a "socialized medicine" entity, as it does not interfere
with the choices of either medical providers or patients.
a truly "national" health care system, funded
entirely by individual income taxes.
This would largely offset
the higher income taxes that the employees would pay for the national health
care system.
But a national health care system still would collect all
money by the individual income tax method and pay directly to the HMOs, based on
the population numbers served.
A Tampa-based health insurer with a checkered past is preparing to bid on
billions of dollars in state government contracts to serve Florida's poor and
disabled.
As Florida embarks on its plan to move 1.2 million Medicaid patients into
private health plans, WellCare Health Plans of Tampa is widely expected to
secure state contracts that will shift health care for the poor into managed
care programs.
Allan Bergman, a national Medicaid and managed care consultant for people with
disabilities and chronic conditions, isn't sure the state can.
The stampede to privatize Medicaid programs - Florida hopes to have nearly all
of its 3 million Medicaid beneficiaries in HMOs or HMO-like companies by 2015 -
is based on promises to shrink government costs, not bulk up auditing and
compliance offices, Bergman said.
Tom Arnold, a health care lobbyist and head of the Medicaid program from 2004 to
2007, said the state has access to its historical dealings with health plans and
has the authority to get more information as needed.
On specific programs, the
panel's 223-page report noted that Medicaid cutbacks have reduced many poor
people's access and that ''the process of 'weeding out' ineligible enrollees (in
the Social Security disablity program) appears to have become one of terminating
a substantial number of beneficiaries for the purpose of budgetary savings.''
A special conundrum arises under professional associations' ethical rules.
Not most of
the 47 million folks, many working below poverty wages, who have no health
insurance.
Those who already have health insurance would get a $5,000 discount on their
existing policy paid for from our taxes or by increasing the national debt.
Currently, there are different kinds of treatment depending upon the benefits
granted by insurance policies, which, in turn, are linked to levels of income
dictated by education, often bound to race, class background and other factors.
Till now, its cost effectiveness and practical ways to deliver services to the
patient's doorstep have only increased popularity, especially in remote areas.
A large number of super-specialty and Government hospitals are opting for
telemedicine facilities, which envisage transfer of a patient's medical data -
demographical information and history, images like X-ray, CT scan and MRI for
diagnosis, treatment as well as clinical consultation - in electronic format.
Reps. John F. Quinn and Martin J. Walsh have proposed measures aimed at
decentralizing power by imposing term limits for the House speaker, requiring
election of the speaker pro tempore and decreasing the number of votes needed to
call a caucus or special session.
TEXT:


 [*56]  2011-022
Lawyer's Ethical Duties Following Death of Client

Inquirer inquired about his ethical duties following the death of a client whom
inquirer represented in connection with estate and long-term planning.
The executor of the estate, who was represented by counsel, contacted
inquirer's office and asked for information about the life insurance policy,
which prompted inquirer to ask the following questions: (1) whether inquirer has
a duty to disclose the information about the life insurance policy; (2) if a
duty to disclose exists, whether inquirer must disclose this information to the
executor; (3) whether inquirer has a duty to disclose this information to the
beneficiary of the life insurance policy or the beneficiaries who would have
received under the policy; and (4) whether inquirer has a duty to try to enforce
the decedent's intent and place a claim against the life insurance proceeds to
stop them from paying out to the beneficiary.
Citing Rule 1.6 (Confidentiality of Information), inquirer was advised that
inquirer did not have an obligation to disclose information surrounding the
deceased client's life insurance policy to anyone, including the executor, the
beneficiaries or any other third party.
In addition, if inquirer determined that he was impliedly authorized to
disclose that changes were made to the beneficiary designation forms and the
disclosure would likely promote the estate plan, forestall litigation, preserve
assets and further third parties' understanding of the client's intentions, then
disclosure would be permissible.
The Unicorn UK Smaller Companies fund has 15pc of its cash in industrial
engineering businesses, 11.5pc in support services, and 11pc in construction
companies.
Nancy M. Russell, Lincoln

LOGICAL REASON NEEDED

I would appreciate someone providing a reasonable logical explanation for why
requiring all people of all ages in the United States to have a plan or
insurance to pay for health and medical care services should be objectionable?
Explain why, if one is not prepared to make arrangements with an independent
insurance provider, the government should not provide the alternate public
option for the individual to pay either through premiums or taxes on their, and
not someone else's, income.
The public option will keep private insurance companies in check because
they won't be able to continue to hike premium prices and behave badly when they
have to compete with a public option's pricing and honest practices.
Amy Cederlind, Lincoln

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            February 8, 2008, Friday

'Work with us';
Health-care solutions sought by professionals

BYLINE: Dr. James D. Felsen

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg.
Unlike Canadian companies that have popped up offering similar services, this
American operation charges a $200-a-year membership fee and connects patients
directly with service providers.
"Our only source of revenue is the membership fees from patients so we don't get
into any ethical grey areas about sending people to specific providers or
facilities."
The Unicorn UK Smaller Companies fund has 15pc of its cash in industrial
engineering businesses, 11.5pc in support services, and 11pc in construction
companies.
A5

LENGTH: 901 words


SOUTH BEND -- Until he can find his original business plan from the early 1980s,
Jim Sinegal, the co-founder and former chief executive officer of Costco
Wholesale, is forced to admit that he once thought the company had limited
potential.
The award is presented annually to a company that demonstrates exemplary ethical
, environmental, social and governmental practices.
Costco, which offers employees an $11.50 starting wage as well as health
insurance and retirement planning, is often referred to as a leader in ethical
business behavior.
It is time for us to join the rest of the industrialized world and treat health
care as a social need instead of as a commodity.
A Medicare-for-all national
health plan would transform the patient back to what he is: a person in need of
care, not a ''consumer.''
The Independent Payment Advisory Board created under
the new health care law would fit such a plan.
ELIZABETH R. ROSENTHAL Larchmont, N.Y., April 22, 2011

To the Editor:

Paul Krugman's column answers a fundamental question: Is health care a right,
like elementary education, or is it a privilege for those who can afford it?
We cannot rely upon the government alone --
and we certainly cannot rely upon insurers and providers -- to rein in spiraling
health care costs.
We need to give patients a role in the process of reducing costs, supported by
three essential types of information: the efficacy of various treatments and
procedures, the quality of the providers performing them and the difference in
prices charged by these providers.
The
only ones advertising prices for procedures are plastic surgeons and other
providers of purely optional medical services.
Adding a
layer of for-profit to the cost of medical care, as suggested by the Republican
budget plan, is obviously not going to bring down the cost.
While reducing us to consumers, free market fundamentalism also corrodes,
corrupts or demonizes all other basic social instruments, like effective
government programs and regulations.
The AMA accused the Government of opening the door to a United States-style
managed-care system which would allow health funds to interfere in clinical
decisions, drive up premiums and create an ethical nightmare for doctors.
"The entire concept will push up the cost of premiums, driving even more people
out of private insurance and onto public hospital waiting lists," Dr Weedon
said.
The German
Embassy co-sponsored the program and their counselors for the social and labor
policy section, G<um u>nther Horzetzky, and for the scientific section, Karl
Wolin, made the setting up of a truly comparative approach between the American
and the German health care systems possible.
In 1884, followed the law about workmen's
compensation (statutory occupational accident insurance) and, in 1889, the law
on invalidity insurance and on retirement insurance.
And what are
the ethics of spending on health care versus education, environmental and other
social policy areas that appear to affect health and human welfare to a much
greater extent than does health care?
Second, what fundamental ethical
issues are at stake?
Urban
industrial workers, however, have no such social security network.
Germany
certainly needs  [*588]  reforms to sustain the system and preserve the quality
of care it offers, but it must also preserve the substance of its social health
insurance system for the family in order to stabilize it in a rapidly changing
industrial world.
With relation to
the health care industry, the promise of the market is to increase competition
and to rationalize the system without necessarily altering the fundamentally
moral nature of the clinical exchange or undermining the professional standards
entailed.
The ongoing debate about the American approach to health insurance has
brought fundamental issues of justice and of economic efficiency to the
forefront.
It is no wonder that both scholars and practitioners have sought out
insights of other industrialized nations to ascertain the problems and promises
of their "national" approach to health care.
The high prices of devices, drugs and hospital and professional services
are also significant factors in overall costs.
·     We need to be sure that we recommend only interventions or services
          that in the physician's best professional judgment will substantially
          benefit the patient without placing undue burdens on health care
          resources.
The high prices of devices, drugs and hospital and professional services
are also significant factors in overall costs.
·     We need to be sure that we recommend only interventions or services
          that in the physician's best professional judgment will substantially
          benefit the patient without placing undue burdens on health care
          resources.
For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              112 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 30, 1993, Tuesday, Final Edition

A Moral Imperative

Abigail Trafford

SECTION: HEALTH; PAGE Z9; SECOND OPINION

LENGTH: 594 words


Every element of the reform plan now being designed by Hillary Rodham Clinton's
task force has an ethical war zone where the bean counters engage the
philosophers in a battle over priorities.
As two leaders of the White House health task force -- Princeton
sociologist Paul Starr and California Insurance Commission deputy Walter A.
Zelman -- pointed out in a special issue of the policy journal "Health Affairs:"
"The moral imperative is to achieve equal access to care and protection against
financial destitution for the millions now uninsured or underinsured.
That would leave the national health plan for the poor and
sick who have no other options.
In other countries with national health programs, the great majority of people
participate in the public plan.
The challenge to the White House task force is to come up with a
plan that is generous enough to keep most people, including the rich and
powerful, committed to the public system.
Many policyholders staggering under the astronomical rise in insurance premiums
may not realize that their primary-care doctor receives only a dwindling share
of the proceeds.
They maintain the highest
professional standards, and struggle to overcome time pressure despite the
burgeoning bureaucratic burden they face.
SURE IT'S HOT - But it could be worse:

You could be a pigeon and have to perch on the hot head of one of those bronze
statues on the Statehouse lawn.
b. Al-Watan cites senior Palestinian sources as saying PNA President Abbas is
planning to visit Damascus after the Palestinian national dialogue.
According to
sources, the Council of Cooperative Health Insurance (CCHI) is directing
companies to complete the process of providing their employees with the
cooperative health insurance policy and providing the health insurance companies
with the necessary information, including iqama numbers of beneficiaries and
their dependents."
We can charge
consumers at home a premium because we have a quality product: it's a business
plan we believe is sustainable, both for local growers and our bottom line."
"When it comes to sustainable production, however, consumers could justifiably
ask: why shout about it with a special label - shouldn't [the Fairtrade ethos]
be part of everyday business practice?"
Certification works in a similar way to the Fairtrade scheme, although
certified farmers do not receive a guaranteed premium price above market rates.
Like the
Rainforest Alliance, the Utz Kapeh Foundation administers a set of social and
environmental criteria for growers and requires them to comply with its code of
conduct before their products can carry the Utz Kapeh mark.
August 10, 2017

                   Banca Popolare di Sondrio Private Banking

                              Piazza Sacro Cuore 8
                            Mandello del Lario 23826
                                     Italy

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *

BPSPB is a private banking service provider based in Italy.
ETHICAL ISSUES AND PRACTICAL CONSIDERATIONS IN THE ALLOCATION OF HEALTH
CARE - WHY PROBLEMS OF SOCIAL JUSTICE DIFFER FROM THOSE OF INDIVIDUAL ETHICAL
BEHAVIOR AND CALL FOR VERY DIFFERENT APPROACHES

 Addressing ethical problems concerning the allocation of health care or other
social goods and services requires understanding their special nature and
finding strategies for solutions in ways that are quite different from
individual ethical behavior in particular situations.
A central plank in the
winning 1992 election platform was health care reform including some form of
national health insurance.
Public opinion polls, professional consensus and
other indicators showed that there was firm political support for major reform
of the health insurance system.
Most medical services are provided on a private basis, while
publicly operated services constitute a small sector of care for indigent or
other special population groups.
In addition, both countries finance the private
delivery of care through an insurance system of payment, funded in part by
employment-related premiums and in part by government-operated funds, that make
the private delivery system accessible to certain parts of the population
(particularly retirees and others not covered by the employment-based premium
system).
KEY DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THE U.S. AND GERMAN HEALTH SYSTEMS: THE
REGULATORY AND NEGOTIATIONAL RELATIONS THAT STEER ECONOMIC AND SERVICE
ARRANGEMENTS

 The German health insurance system is privately operated and performs
essentially the same basic functions as those of U.S. health insurance companies
or organizations like Blue Cross/Blue Shield, such as collecting premiums from
employers and/or employees and paying providers for furnishing services to those
who are insured.
These
sickness funds negotiate with provider organizations, such as physician
associations, to purchase services for their consumer members.
The physician
associations represent their members in the negotiations and distribute the
contributions received in payment from the sickness funds to their physician
members in proportion to the individual services rendered to beneficiaries.
The German payment system simultaneously comprises a negotiational framework
between providers, payers and consumers.
Since
they represent a large number of purchasers of services collectively, they have
a strong hand in bargaining with providers.
n4 Insurance companies are typically for-profit and therefore primarily
responsible to their shareholders, not to consumers, providers or the general
public interest.
Physicians are not organized in
associations that could represent their collective professional and financial
interests in exchange for responsible self-control of costs or mode of providing
services.
It was implemented as a means of
preempting the appeal of socialism and furthering a mercantilist-like approach
to rapid industrialization by encouraging solidarity between employers, workers
and government.
The concept of social solidarity and fair allotment of premium
contributions and services received was an integral part of the original
legislation and became an ongoing component of the cultural tradition.
Consequently, the primary objective of the
initial legislation was to provide ongoing income (sickness pay) for workers who
became sick or injured and lost their income while unable to work.
By the time of WWII about ninety
percent of the population were covered by statutory or substitute sickness funds
of some kind with the remaining (primarily high-income) groups largely covered
by some type of private insurance.
Although health insurance was
originally established for blue-collar workers, who accounted for only a small
part of physicians' incomes, its rapid expansion to meet the growing health care
needs of the middle class as well, meant that it was becoming an important
potential source of income for physicians.
From 1900 onward, professional associations were organized for the purpose of
gaining professional recognition, setting standards and acting as collective
bargaining and pressure groups to attain the political and economic goals of
their members.
This
led incrementally to the present system in which these physician organizations
negotiate payment rates and terms of service with sickness funds and act as
intermediaries to distribute the agreed-upon payments among their members in
accord with the services provided.
This historical development established the
negotiating structure between consumers, payers and providers, which the
government only needs to supervise and correct when costs or power relations
grow out of balance.
Medicaid was enacted as part of the same legislative movement
to provide some degree of coverage for the most poverty-stricken groups unable
to obtain or pay for private insurance.
In the same way, legislative efforts to
control costs in the private sector failed to overcome similar political
resistance from well organized and financed professional groups and the
insurance industry.
Insurers turned to this strategy
(seizing on the known economic advantage of true health maintenance
organizations) in order to maintain their market-share with employers by holding
down the rate of premium increases and simultaneously to improve their own
margin of profit between premiums and benefits paid.
In particular there is no negotiating structure, such as in
Germany, for reaching compromises between consumers, payers and providers to
achieve collective agreement regarding mutually acceptable solutions to problems
that are in the general public interest.
For example, how can
the need for campaign-finance reform to moderate the influence of powerful
special-interest groups be reconciled with the Constitutional rights of free
speech and unrestricted use of private property?
The only argument likely to influence meaningful
political action for bringing about the needed structural and payment-system
reform would be the credible demonstration that the long-term economic and
social good of the nation requires certain fundamental structural changes in the
health care system as a whole.
In addition, as insurance companies they are subject
to the security requirements of state insurance regulations to assure that they
can meet their obligations.
Of course, special-interest lobbying also plays an important positive role
in bringing particular issues to the attention of Congress and advocating
legislation for the overall public interest.
The PIA does not regulate mortgages, some life assurance, National
Savings, some critical Illness cover, long term care insurance, some private
health insurance, bank and society accounts, will and inheritance tax planning.
My partner would be
eligible for some government aid if she applied as a single person, but it feels
disingenuous to do so, because as a family, we make well above the poverty line.
Similarly, although I favor a more progressive income tax, one that might compel
a nice fellow like me to write a bigger check, I am not morally obliged to send
the I.R.S.
O.K., I've rephrased it totally and unflatteringly, but
the answer -- no -- is provided by the American Psychiatric Association's
''Principles of Medical Ethics,'' which requires you to be ''honest in all
professional interactions.''
He started asking shops questions about where their clothes were made and,
dissatisfied with the vague answers, realised there could be a market for
ethically made and environmentally sourced clothing.
On top of paying fair wages, Etiko pays a Fair Trade
premium to each factory, which is invested in social and economic projects to
benefit workers, their families and communities.
Reuter

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: MER

                   Copyright 1996 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              127 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            The Independent (London)

                              March 6, 2015 Friday
                                 First Edition

Our plans to control immigration are workable, effective and fair;
Another Voice

BYLINE: Nigel Farage

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg.
So when Ukip talks about immigration control - especially the Australian-style
points system we've proposed - the national media goes into a frenzy.
It might be that he'd have to admit to a lost five years in government, during
which he has doubled Labour's 13-year debt in less than half the time, and then
used the proceeds of that borrowing to Astroturf economic growth, covering up
the fact that it doesn't have proper roots.
LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110329-HU-EDITORIAL-Discarded-tax-documents-expose-need-for-new-law-0329-20110
329

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HU


                       Copyright 2011 The Herald Bulletin


                              130 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                      March 20, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Aflac Named a World's Most Ethical Company for 8th Consecutive Year

LENGTH: 255  words


New Delhi, March 20 -- Aflac, the leading provider of voluntary insurance in the
United States and a 2013 FORTUNE Blue Ribbon Company, has been named to the
Ethisphere Institute's 2014 list of World's Most Ethical Companies.
1

LENGTH: 608 words


HALF a million British citizens are to take part in the world's largest clinical
trial in a bid to create a new generation of drugs and treatments to counter
cancer, heart disease and mental illness.
By linking these developments with information about their genetic make-up and
their social status and lifestyles, it will be possible to tease apart the
genetic and environmental causes of their conditions.
MOH is working with healthcare providers on ways to improve fee transparency.
Essential Functions:
o Manage existing accounts by maintaining and growing their business with the
station
o Proactively develop new client base
o Represent the station in a professional and ethical manner
o Communicate account information and needs to internal staff and complete
appropriate paperwork
o Ability to work independently and in a team atmosphere
Qualifications:
o Previous sales experience preferred
o Ability to develop creative marketing strategies and advertising solutions
o Effective written and verbal communications skills
o Laptop computer suggested
o Computer skills to include excel, power point and word
o Strong client focus
o Ability to develop positive relationships and represent the station in a
professional and ethical manner
o Highly motivated
o Provide own transportation and be able to travel to customer locations
Wage is variable but change due to commission.
But spending must go up, with medical advances making treatments and drugs
costlier, and plans by the Health Ministry to recruit more doctors, nurses and
other health-care professionals to improve standards of care.
Essential Functions:
o Manage existing accounts by maintaining and growing their business with the
station
o Proactively develop new client base
o Represent the station in a professional and ethical manner
o Communicate account information and needs to internal staff and complete
appropriate paperwork
o Ability to work independently and in a team atmosphere
Qualifications:
o Previous sales experience preferred
o Ability to develop creative marketing strategies and advertising solutions
o Effective written and verbal communications skills
o Laptop computer suggested
o Computer skills to include excel, power point and word
o Strong client focus
o Ability to develop positive relationships and represent the station in a
professional and ethical manner
o Highly motivated
o Provide own transportation and be able to travel to customer locations
Wage is variable but change due to commission.
From World Bank's arm IFC,
Commonwealth Development Corporation to a clutch of private equity players, new
opportunities were emerging in day surgery and primary care clinics, maternal
and child care, single speciality on oncology, eye and dental care, observed
participants at a CII meet here on Saturday.
I have
special concern for issues involving health care from two distinct points of
view.
While the article describes Peter Singer as an "ethical philosopher," he is best
known in many circles for advocating, among other things, parents' right to take
the life of a disabled infant.
All these major societies will liaise with their
subspeciality associations so that the entire medical community will be involved
in this important exercise

It was reiterated that the patient is the focus, and as health professionals,
all efforts should be made to ensure provision of quality, ethical, easily
accessible and affordable care to all.
From World Bank's arm IFC,
Commonwealth Development Corporation to a clutch of private equity players, new
opportunities were emerging in day surgery and primary care clinics, mother and
child centric care, single specialty on oncology, eye and dental care, observed
participants at a CII meet here on Saturday.
Most fund companies will hire a research firm specializing in environmental,
social and corporate governance (ESG) issues to develop a list of approved
holdings.
These screen companies based on a range of criteria, from environmental records
to employee treatment and charitable work.
The complicated and multifaceted medical needs of these
children require services from different specialties and, frequently, from
different states.
The complicated and multifaceted medical needs of these
children require services from different specialties and, frequently, from
different states.
April 4, 2014 Friday

There's no financial, ethical or clinical justification for NHS charges

BYLINE: Jacky Davistheguardian.com

LENGTH: 694 words

ABSTRACT

Jacky Davis: The health industrial complex has been eyeing up the NHS budget for
years.
Reform is funded by
the very people who would benefit from undermining the fundamental principles of
the NHS.
The list of their donors includes major insurance companies, management
consultants and private healthcare providers.
Reform is essentially a third party speaking for those whose voice - for good
reason - is not trusted; it is a front for the health industrial complex, which
for years has worked to get its hands on the NHS budget.
They understand that
once the fundamental principles of the NHS are breached with upfront payments,
it will be a short step to top-ups, co-payments and insurance to cover the
escalating charges.
LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GCB


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              150 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                        July 5, 2013 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Aflac Named to Computerworld's List of Best Places to Work in IT

LENGTH: 688  words


Dubai, July 5 -- Aflac, the number one provider of supplemental insurance in the
United States, has been named as one of IDG Computerworld's 2013 Best Places to
Work in IT.
According to Computerworld, the Best Places to Work in Information Technology
(IT) list is an annual ranking of the top 100 work environments for technology
professionals.
Computerworld's award-winning website (www.computerworld.com),
publication, focused conference series, custom solutions and custom research
forms the hub of the world's largest (40+ edition) global IT media network and
provides opportunities for IT solutions providers to engage this audience.
LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              151 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                       June 20, 2013 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Aflac Named to Computerworld's List of Best Places to Work in IT

LENGTH: 689  words


New Delhi, June 20 -- Aflac, the number one provider of supplemental insurance
in the United States, has been named as one of IDG Computerworld's 2013 Best
Places to Work in IT.
According to Computerworld, the Best Places to Work in Information Technology
(IT) list is an annual ranking of the top 100 work environments for technology
professionals.
Computerworld's award-winning website (www.computerworld.com),
publication, focused conference series, custom solutions and custom research
forms the hub of the world's largest (40+ edition) global IT media network and
provides opportunities for IT solutions providers to engage this audience.
Westpac was named sustainable company of the year, Bendigo Bank received an
award for social/community impact and Insurance Australia Group received a
special award for corporate governance.
If a managed care plan is operating honestly, physicians
should have no moral qualms about joining the enterprise.
Insurance contracts have several options to
counteract moral hazard including: (1) charging a premium that is high enough to
pay for this adverse behavior; (2) imposing very detailed monitoring rules and
queues for service; or (3) creating finan [*322]  cial incentives for health
care providers and consumers that encourage the equating of marginal benefit
with marginal cost.
This may include statements such as: "Our plan will avoid
or delay surgery in favor of watchful monitoring of conditions such as....";
"Our plan will not approve new treatments that have not yet been shown to be
effective in randomized clinical trials"; "Our plan will actively encourage
prevention and early detection of the following conditions... "; "Our plan
discourages screening tests with low sensitivity or specificity such as...."; or
"Our plan does not cover the following...." In short, warn the consumer that
some things will be denied in return for an attractive monthly premium.
Because it can be profitable, at least in the short run, to skimp on the
provision of services, managed care plans should agree to an independent audit
of their performance.
Physicians should not have moral qualms about joining a managed care plan
that has a good system for measuring performance and adjusting treatment
protocols in light of new scientific evidence.
To the Editor:

We doctors should ''rage'' against a system so perverse that on any given day a
physician may treat 15 patients with as many insurance plans requiring
unproductive paperwork.
As Dr. Welch notes, the list price charged for various procedures is highly
inflated but paid only by a limited few -- certainly not Medicare, Medicaid or
private insurers or other health plans that negotiate discounts with hospitals.
That means fund managers, including Isa providers, pension
companies and your workplace pension scheme, but also charities and similar
bodies to which you give money; you should also think hard about the banks and
building societies where you deposit money, as they may make loans to companies
you don't like.
Patrick Connolly, a certified financial planner at independent financial adviser
Chase de Vere, warns ethical investment funds require a degree of compromise.
Against that, many specialist ethical investors argue that companies that engage
in immoral businesses or are socially irresponsible will perform less well over
the longer term.
With no background in
health insurance, the founder of Zenefits decided that state licensing
requirements might not matter.
They destroyed machinery not because they disliked technology, but
because they felt that manufacturers were using machines to get around standard
labor practices.
His comments about health
insurance and his willingness to put more than 660,000 Idahoans at risk because
they have pre-existing conditions is not only unfair, it's inhumane.
It's an ethical nightmare that doctors, patients and families face every day as
the technical ability to perform transplants spreads.
Girlie night aims to pamper up disability charity

DISABILITY charity The Thistle Foundation is offering the chance to pamper
yourself and raise money for its work.
There will be the chance to enjoy a Virgin Vie makeover, and bid in a charity
auction for prizes including the services of a professional cocktail barman and
a date with Forth One's Andy Booglas.
LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 The Scotsman Publications Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              165 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                            November 28, 2005 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Flu plans should be ethical: report: Governments not engaging public in
discussion; Centre for Bioethics says infected people in pandemic should be
given basic needs and financial support

BYLINE: MARK KENNEDY, CanWest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg.
A11

LENGTH: 378  words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


Governments preparing for a flu pandemic should develop ethical guidelines for
their plans that include health and disability insurance for health workers and
special assistance for people forced into quarantine, says a new report released
yesterday.
The report, prepared by the University of Toronto's Joint Centre for Bioethics,
warns governments throughout the world are not doing enough to engage the public
in discussions about the ethical values that should underpin pandemic
preparedness plans.
Last year, the federal government released a plan that spells out how it will
prepare for, and respond to, a flu pandemic that experts say could kill millions
of people worldwide.
- Governments and the health sector should ensure disability insurance and death
benefits are available to health workers and their families adversely affected
while performing their duties.
Ottawa Citizen

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2005 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              166 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                             August 24, 2009 Monday

National: Ethical living: The good: The bad: The green list: from bikes to patio
heaters, what's best - and worst - for the planet: Campaigners and politicians
nominate their loves and hates

BYLINE: James Meikle

SECTION: GUARDIAN HOME PAGES; Pg.
A list of perceived environmental evils that also includes the standby on your
television set and the complex international framework for carbon offsetting has
been garnered from those at the forefront of the environmental movement by
Ethical Consumer magazine.
And "real nappies" save families a lot of money and mean less waste going to
landfill, said Caroline Fernandez of the Women's Environmental Network.
Elsewhere

Boeing Co. says it plans to cut as many as 1,050 jobs

Boeing Co., the largest maker of commercial satellites, plans to cut as many as
1,050 jobs at its satellite-making business in Southern California because of
falling demand from telecommunications companies.
8

LENGTH: 496 words

DATELINE: Kuala Lumpur


KUALA LUMPUR, Fri. - Some managed healthcare organisations, particularly
those operating as third party administrators and companies marketing
health plans, are breaching ethical medical practices.
"There are codes of ethics for doctors, or other health professionals
such as dentists and even nurses for patients' benefit.
The MCOs must not
cause these healthcare providers to breach their code of ethics," Chua
said.
It does not permit any private healthcare facility or service provider
to enter into any contract or arrangement with any MCO which will result
in:

a change in the powers of the doctors/dentists over the management of
their patients; and,

the contravention of any provision of the new law or its regulations
and of the code of ethics of any professional regulatory body.
Starting Wednesday, any employer-sponsored health care plan renewed after this
date must offer free access to eight services classified as preventive care for
women, including Food and Drug Administration-approved contraception and
sterilization procedures.
Some companies did not offer these services under
their health care plans, while others had to pay a deductible or co-pay.
The
committee, consisting of all major medical and hospital associations, reiterated
that as health professionals all effort should be made to ensure provision of
quality, ethical, easily accessible and affordable health care to all.
Led by the Association of Healthcare Providers India (AHPI) and the Indian
Medical Association (IMA), the committee said that healthcare professionals
should ensure patients get standardized care.
Some delegates said the fear of medical liability lawsuits drives doctors to
order costly interventions.
Proposed action: Examine the scientific feasibility and ethical implications of
these new practices.
Proposed action: Write ethical standards for physician professionalism online
and incorporate them into the modernized AMA Code of Medical Ethics.
All these major societies will liaise with their
subspecialty associations so that the entire medical community will be involved
in this important exercise

It was reiterated that the patient is the focus, and as health professionals all
effort should be made to ensure provision of quality, ethical, easily accessible
and affordable care to all.
9

LENGTH: 901 words


To the Editor:

Re ''Giving Life After Death Row,'' by Christian Longo, a prisoner at Oregon
State Penitentiary (Op-Ed, March 6):

The most important argument against carrying out Mr. Longo's altruistic wish to
donate his organs for transplantation after he is executed is an ethical one.
This would come too close to violating what ethicists call the dead-donor rule,
which states that a person must never be killed for the purpose of removing
organs for transplant.
It would be
reminiscent of an egregious violation of human rights, as when the Chinese
executed scores of prisoners and harvested their organs to fuel a lucrative
trade in organ transplants.
John Baldwin Phoenix, March 6, 2011

The writer is a transplant surgeon and former national board member of the
United Network for Organ Sharing.
Most fund companies will hire a research firm specializing in environmental,
social and corporate governance (ESG) issues to develop a list of approved
holdings.
These screen companies based on a range of criteria, from environmental records
to employee treatment and charitable work.
The word "ethical" would be funny if it wasn't so sick, because this broking
firm took premiums from doctors but didn't pass them on to the insurance
companies.
One of them, an American-born
Japanese businessman, offered to send me a special fish, prepared for eating, as
a token of appreciation.
LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BEST ADVICE: Audrey Spence is the managing director of Independent
Healthcare Solutions

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BTT


                Copyright 2014 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              183 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 15, 2010 Monday

UTPA ethics team going to national competition

BYLINE: Jennifer L. Berghom, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 430 words


Feb. 15--EDINBURG -- They may not have always agreed, but the group of students
from the University of Texas-Pan American came together to successfully argue
whether it is ethical for physicians to be involved in torture and whether
health insurance companies should charge women higher premiums.
Most fund companies will hire a research firm specializing in environmental,
social and corporate governance (ESG) issues to develop a list of approved
holdings.
These screen companies based on a range of criteria, from environmental records
to employee treatment and charitable work.
A6

LENGTH: 247  words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


Governments preparing for a flu pandemic should develop ethical guidelines for
their plans that include health and disability insurance for health workers and
special assistance for people forced into quarantine, says a new report released
Sunday.
The report, prepared by the University of Toronto's Joint Centre for Bioethics,
warns world governments, including Canada, are not doing enough to engage the
public in discussions about the ethical values that should underpin pandemic
preparedness plans.
Last year, the federal government released a plan outlining how it will prepare
for, and respond to, a flu pandemic that experts say could kill millions of
people worldwide.
These deals are concocted with minimal public and
medical professional involvement between private finance consortia on the one
hand and hospital trust and health authority appointees on the other.
The cost to the taxpayer would be much lower than PFI,
the funds directed to meet planned and accountable health care policies and the
facilities retained in public hands.
Mr. Menendez has a history of ethical lapses that have been all too common for
Democratic officials in New Jersey, especially for those, like him, who continue
to take an active part in local party politics.
Most fund companies will hire a research firm specializing in environmental,
social and corporate governance (ESG) issues to develop a list of approved
holdings.
These screen companies based on a range of criteria, from environmental records
to employee treatment and charitable work.
Most fund companies will hire a research firm specializing in environmental,
social and corporate governance (ESG) issues to develop a list of approved
holdings.
These screen companies based on a range of criteria, from environmental records
to employee treatment and charitable work.
Most fund companies will hire a research firm specializing in environmental,
social and corporate governance (ESG) issues to develop a list of approved
holdings.
These screen companies based on a range of criteria, from environmental records
to employee treatment and charitable work.
Most fund companies will hire a research firm specializing in environmental,
social and corporate governance (ESG) issues to develop a list of approved
holdings.
These screen companies based on a range of criteria, from environmental records
to employee treatment and charitable work.
I would recommend pounds 100 into a personal equity plan, which grows free of
tax and can be screened ethically.
Amanda Davidson is a partner at Holden Meehan Independent, Independent Financial
Advisers specialising in ethical investment


LOAD-DATE: June 26, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1995 Independent Print Ltd


                              194 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                                August 29, 2001

Study finds major flaws in hospital waiting system
Harvard group urges Government to recognise ethical responsibility

BYLINE: By KATHRYN HOLMQUIST

SECTION: CITY EDITION; FRONT PAGE; Pg.
A team of management experts linked to Harvard University has found fundamental
flaws in the operation of the waiting list system, in a major study of Irish
hospital and outpatient services.
The analysis of the system was conducted by 50 middle-management professionals
from a wide range of manufacturing and service industries.
People from outside Dublin are seeking
treatment at specialist units in the city, blocking access for people from the
eastern region, it adds.
[quarterly]

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              196 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                             March 2, 2006 Thursday

Insurance body urged to do more to raise standards;
LIA also has a big part to play in consumer education, says MAS official

BYLINE: Kelvin Wong , Finance Correspondent

SECTION: MONEY

LENGTH: 518  words


A TOP Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) official has urged the life
insurance body here to do more in the areas of consumer education and raising
ethical and professional standards in the industry.
The LIA had also introduced industry standards on disclosure requirements for
the sale of long-term health insurance.
But Ms Teo said more could be done by the association to build on this good
work, including:

Spearheading consumer education programmes to increase community understanding
of life insurance;

Improving the clarity of product documents;

Taking on a more active role in developing industry standards such as in the
area of risk management; and

Raising ethical standards of agents and financial planning expertise of advisers

The profile of the consumer has changed with rising educational levels and
increased interest in financial planning, Ms Teo noted.
kelvwong@sph.com.sg

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2006 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              197 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                            November 28, 2005 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Flu plans should include ethical guidelines

BYLINE: Mark Kennedy, CanWest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg.
A4

LENGTH: 457  words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


OTTAWA -- Governments preparing for a flu pandemic should develop ethical
guidelines for their plans that include health and disability insurance for
health workers and special assistance for people forced into quarantine, says a
new report released Sunday.
The report, prepared by the University of Toronto's Joint Centre for Bioethics,
warns governments throughout the world -- including Canada -- are not doing
enough to engage the public in discussions about the ethical values that should
underpin pandemic preparedness plans.
Last year, the federal government released a plan that spells out how it will
prepare for, and respond to, a flu pandemic that experts say could kill millions
of people worldwide.
- Governments and the health sector should ensure disability insurance and death
benefits are available to health workers and their families adversely affected
while performing their duties.
Most fund companies will hire a research firm specializing in environmental,
social and corporate governance (ESG) issues to develop a list of approved
holdings.
These screen companies based on a range of criteria, from environmental records
to employee treatment and charitable work.
Most fund companies will hire a research firm specializing in environmental,
social and corporate governance (ESG) issues to develop a list of approved
holdings.
These screen companies based on a range of criteria, from environmental records
to employee treatment and charitable work.
Most fund companies will hire a research firm specializing in environmental,
social and corporate governance (ESG) issues to develop a list of approved
holdings.
These screen companies based on a range of criteria, from environmental records
to employee treatment and charitable work.
Most fund companies will hire a research firm specializing in environmental,
social and corporate governance issues to develop a list of approved holdings.
These screen companies based on a range of criteria, from environmental records
to employee treatment and charitable work.
But rather than blaming Medicare or governments, can we now
discuss the national scandal that we have a chronic, self-generated shortage of
medical specialists due to the fact the specialists keep an absolute lock on
graduates coming through the colleges, to keep numbers low and incomes high.
However, this new Arab state was not recognised by the surrounding
Arab countries, which invaded Palestine with the intention of destroying Israel
- which had accepted the UN partition plan - and annexed lands meant for the
Palestinian state.
And it needs to deliver more than the business requirements: It
also has to meet the organization's ethical standards.
"If we really want everyone to subscribe to the idea that working at Texas
Health is special, then we have to have people actively believe in doing the
right thing," Alverson says.
Companies are increasingly looking at their ethics policies and articulating
specific values that address a range of issues, from community commitment to
environmental sustainability, which employees can use to guide their work.
Hanson cites a 15-year-old case in which marketing workers at a large telephone
company spent millions of dollars to develop a list of customers with ties to
the Washington area that they planned to sell to other marketers.
But IT also enables Intel to enforce its own values, and not just meet
regulatory requirements, Bryant explains.
So there are applications to help
perform rigorous checks on suppliers to ensure that they have sufficient
business continuity plans and environmental sustainability plans as well as
ethical stances that match Intel's own.
8A

LENGTH: 497 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


Battered by months of congressional hearings documenting financial and ethical
irregularities by some Blue Cross and Blue Shield plans, the national Blue Cross
and Blue Shield Association is adopting stricter standards.
Under those standards, plans that don't maintain adequate financial reserves are
being threatened with loss of the charter that allows them use of the Blue Cross
and Blue Shield names.
The national association plans to use a formula that
takes the risk of each plan's business into account in deciding just how uch
capital is adequate.
In addition, Blues plans are being told to participate in state guaranty funds,
which protect consumers should the plan go bankrupt, or to set up some other
type of similar reserve.
In Illinois, the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association already is regulated by
the state insurance commissioner and participates in the fund, but that is not
true for the majority of Blues plans.
"Blue Cross and Blue Shield plans recognize that their success depends upon
maintaining standards of financial health and sound, ethical business practice,"
the national association says in a statement sent to all member plans.
National confidence in the insurer has been weakened by hearings before the
Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations showing mismanagement and
questionable conduct by several member plans that has gone undetected by the
national organization.
Said Sen. Sam Nunn, D-Ga., the subcommittee chairman, "Instead of tightening
their own belts and serving the public, some of the plans we have investigated
appear to have spent their subscribers' premiums at best unwisely, and at worst
recklessly."
And last summer, Bernard Tresnowski, president of the Chicago-based national
association, acknowledged that 15 member plans had been put on a ''watch" list
because they failed to meet association standards for adequate financial
reserves.
This makes assessing complaints of
overcharging very difficult and is unfair to providers and patients.&quot;

<strong>Medical organisations:<br /> The dental association and the Private
Practitioners Forum</strong><br /> Medical organisations are sceptical about the
council's public participation process.
Within this framework, the health department could play a
critical role, setting the rules for the structured negotiation process and
intervening in situations where no agreement is reached.&quot;

&lt;hr /&gt;

&lt;h2&gt;

Setting fee rules has been an intricate process&lt;/h2&gt;

South Africa does not have guideline tariffs for medical treatment because of a
complex series of events, mostly to do with court action resulting from a lack
of consultation with medical professionals in determining the tariffs.
However, the South African Dental Association's chief executive, Maretha Smit,
said the council also used what she dubs &quot;professional rates&quot;, which
were calculated by the South African Medical and Dental Association until 2006
to determine whether an unethical fee had been charged.
This makes assessing complaints of
overcharging very difficult and is unfair to providers and patients.&quot;

<strong>Medical organisations:</strong><br /> <strong>The dental association and
the Private Practitioners Forum</strong><br /> Medical organisations are
sceptical about the council's public participation process.
Within this framework, the health department could play a
critical role, setting the rules for the structured negotiation process and
intervening in situations where no agreement is reached.&quot;


<hr />              <strong>   Setting fee rules has been an intricate
process</strong>

South Africa does not have guideline tariffs for medical treatment because of a
complex series of events, mostly to do with court action resulting from a lack
of &shy;consultation with medical professionals in determining the tariffs.
However, the South African Dental Association's chief executive, Maretha Smit,
said the council also used what she dubs &shy;&quot;professional rates&quot;,
which were calculated by the South African Medical and Dental Association until
2006 to determine whether an unethical fee had been charged.
LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 M and G Media (Pty) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              211 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                    November 17, 2002 Sunday FINAL C Edition

Man, 76, gets kidney from employee: The transplant for a wealthy developer was
done outside the country

SOURCE: Canadian Press

SECTION: News; Pg.
B15

LENGTH: 334 words

DATELINE: TORONTO

TORONTO -- A wealthy Toronto developer paid a large sum of money to the Mayo
Clinic to have his live-in housekeeper's kidney transplanted into him -- an
operation that four Canadian hospitals refused to do on ethical grounds,
according to a report Saturday.
The special patrols will continue until Oct. 31 and are funded by a $14,950
grant from the state Department of Transportation.
She will speak about the "Healthy Illinois," a
proposal to create an affordable statewide health insurance plan.
Whether it is the White
House getting retail druggists to promote prescription drug benefits, House
Republicans trying to keep insurers from collaborating with the president on a
political ad or a Democratic committee chairman enlisting interest groups to
help deliver a swing vote, reverse lobbying is a staple of the topsy-turvy
politics of health care.
The company raised Republican hackles when it endorsed President
Clinton's employer mandates -- requirements that employers pay part of the cost
of insurance for their workers -- on April 18 and invited him to a facility in
Milwaukee to rally support for it.
Two days later, four Republicans on the Energy and Commerce subcommittee on
telecommunications and finance, including the ranking minority member, wrote
Ameritech President Richard C. Notebaert registering "strong displeasure" with
the endorsement and pointedly referring to pending industry legislation vital to
the company.
"From our recent discussions with you on telecommunications legislation," said
the letter initiated by Rep. J. Dennis Hastert (R-Ill.), "we were under the
impression that you believed that government regulations hindered
competitiveness and true competition.
The
letter was also signed by Minority Leader Robert H. Michel (Ill.) and Minority
Whip Newt Gingrich (Ga.)

Rep. Bill Richardson (N.M.), a Democratic member of the telecommunications
subcommittee, said that by linking health care reform to the telecommunications
bill the letter represented a "veiled threat of retaliation."
Blue Shield of California also has a formal corporate social responsibility
program that promotes social, economic and environmental sustainability, as well
as charitable and volunteer activities.
The latest example: The company is applying to raise rates for its "Special
Care" health insurance, the policy of last resort for low-income Pennsylvanians
since the state cut off its low-cost adultBasic coverage in February.
The GOP machinery used the same issue and a vote on a statewide sales tax
increase to seek defeat of 10 moderate GOP senators who worked with Democrats to
stall portions of the governor's agenda.
Joan Wagnon, executive director of the Kansas Democratic Party, said such issues
as abortion and immigration would take a back seat to debate about a projected
budget shortfall driven by Brownback's decision to dramatically reduce state
income taxes next year.
Proposed action: Examine the scientific feasibility and ethical implications of
these new practices.
Proposed action: Write ethical standards for physician professionalism online
and incorporate them into the modernized AMA Code of Medical Ethics.
In response to the backlash, the American Medical Association posted a position
statement on its Web site that reads: "A physician accepting payment from an
insurer in exchange for moving a patient from a brand name to a generic drug
could potentially face both criminal and civil liability exposure under the
federal antikickback statute."
"The only purpose is to inform physicians of opportunities to help their
patients save money on their prescription medications," the director of public
relations for Cigna, Lindsay Shearer, wrote in an e-mail message.
At least one New York lawmaker, a state senator of the Bronx, Jeff Klein, is
proposing legislation that would require all medically necessary prescriptions
to be covered by insurance companies.
The sticking points were two:

By endorsing such a "right," the doctors did not want to seem to be endorsing a
government-paid national health plan for everyone.
On "The Great Barbed-Wire Conspiracy": Only recently did perhaps thousands of us
find we were quietly removed from compliance by ordinances of the planning
department in a language cleanup of the sign code.
No ethical lapse here, removing this ill-advised government overreach affecting
the income base of the city and forcing economic hardship on ordinary citizens.
Is
it a panel with secret ties to special interests never publicly revealed?
"We are a bottom-up, fundamental value manager."
But market mainstay Petplan scoops this
year's prize for its comprehensive services.
LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              233 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                            February 14, 2016 Sunday
                                   1 Edition

Resolute Counseling offers ethical, professional mental health counseling

BYLINE: By, David Barr

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg.
B10

LENGTH: 360 words


ADDRESS: 38 Black Avenue, Chambersburg

PHONE: 717-264-0450

WEBSITE: www.resolutecounseling.com

FACEBOOK: www.facebook.com/resolutecou nseling

EMAIL: Michael@resolutecounseling.com

TYPE OF BUSINESS /SERVICE: Resolute Counseling offers ethical and professional
mental health counseling for adults, couples, and families in a welcoming and
comfortable environment.
Resolute Counseling is an in-network provider through many health insurance
plans.
My goal is to help the people of this
community and also to partner with other health related professionals to provide
a complete and holistic health network."
Beneficence - This is the principle that providers take actions that promote the
well-being of others.
The Legislature takes that ethical tenant out of the hands
of the providers if they don't even get the option of seeing the patients.
LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              236 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                      May 9, 1998, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

Health cards will link to computers: Quebec takes aim at insurance-card fraud
with new microprocessor system.
In addition to drafting
agreements with the professional groups involved, it will have to have the
approval of Quebec's access to information and privacy commission.
They also supported broad
Government financial support for patients needing dialysis treatments, cancer
treatments, organ transplants, drug and alcohol abuse treatment and coronary
bypass surgery.
He added that it would be considered a breach of professional ethics "regardless
of when the doctor entered into such an arrangement with the third party".
The government
will not cover hospital costs, but insurance and the provincial health plan may
pick up the cost, he added.
facebook.com/ST.Salma

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              246 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     AUGUST 26, 2003 Tuesday CITY-D EDITION

Shuttle report due as NASA weighs risk, plans changes;
Agency bioethicist, a Penn scientist, says space missions worth possible loss of
life.
Copyright 2003 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              247 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                            March 19, 2009 Thursday

Concerns over proposal to reimburse organ donors

LENGTH: 425 words


THE Singapore Urological Association is a professional society representing
specialist surgeons.
Professor E Kesavan President Singapore Urological Association

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2009 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              248 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                           September 16, 2002 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Parents consider implant to track children

BYLINE: Canadian Press

SECTION: WORLD; Pg.
Based on his previous work with the technology, Prof. Kevin Warwick is planning
on implanting an 11-year-old girl with a microchip at the request of the girl
and her parents in a trial to see whether the device would work in finding
missing children.
Reply:

During the past 20 years, cherry-picking by profit-driven health plans and
hospitals has alarmed health care policymakers and contributed to rising health
care costs.
But in the managed care era, capitation
-- receiving a fixed amount per person, regardless of services rendered --
encouraged health plans, hospitals and others to cherry-pick and lemon-drop to
maximize profits.
Similarly, capitated Medicaid
managed-care plans have used credit cards, health club memberships and enhanced
vision, dental or pharmacy benefits to induce healthy patients to enroll in
their health plans and increase plan profits.
An HMO in Virginia paid a multimillion-dollar settlement for defrauding a state
Medicaid plan by systematically avoiding costly delivery and neonatal care.
Sans to webcast security survey results According to a recently conducted Sans
Institute Survey on Financial Service Security completed by 293 IT security
professionals, 32 percent of respondents say their organizations spend more than
25 percent of their security budget on meeting or providing compliance mandates.
Recipients are awarded 60 hours of donated professional time for logo
and website development, approximately valued at $5,700.
That may well soon change
but at the moment, we're only just starting to see companies like Marks &
Spencer and the Gap really communicate on these issues,'' said Julia Hawkins of
the Ethical Trading Initiative, an alliance of companies, non-governmental
organizations and trade unions that promotes corporate codes of practice.
Steve Ballmer, Microsoft CEO, who said that his company's offer for the Internet
search pioneer reflects its worth and that the software maker has no plans to
raise it

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (2):

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              253 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Mirror (Sri Lanka)

                               May 9, 2011 Monday

Brandix lauded for ethical business practices

LENGTH: 652  words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, May 9 -- Sri Lanka's top apparel exporter Brandix has been commended
as a role model for environment and employee friendly ethical manufacture at the
House of Lords, the 'Upper House' of the British Parliament.
"The Brandix Eco Centre is representative of the best practices and processes of
the Group and therefore Lord Sheikh's statement regarding the plant as a model
for the industry is more than just a commendation of that facility," Brandix
Director AJ Johnpillai said.
The pioneer of the concept of 'total solutions' in Sri Lanka's apparel sector,
Brandix is a preferred solutions provider to some of the world's leading apparel
brands, including Victoria's Secret, PINK, Gap, Banana Republic, Marks &
Spencer, Lands' End, Tommy Hilfiger, Hanes, Express, H&M, Intimissimi and Tesco.
The Group specializes in casual bottoms, underwear, lounge and sleepwear, bras,
textiles, knitted and woven fabrics, sewing and embroidery thread, accessories
and hangers, and also offers wet processing and finishing and fabric printing.
Not only that
but, as a signatory, the State has also recognised the right of "everyone" to
enjoy the "highest attainable standard of physical and mental health" - no
strings or health insurance policies attached.
For more details, see iti.ms/1BKyKu5

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              255 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Prince Rupert Daily News (British Columbia)

                           September 16, 2002 Monday
                                 Final Edition

British scientist planning microchip implant trial in bid to foil kidnappings

BYLINE: Canadian Press

SECTION: WORLD; Pg.
Based on his previous work with the technology, Prof. Kevin Warwick is planning
on implanting an 11-year-old girl with a microchip at the request of the girl
and her parents in a trial to see whether the device would work in finding
missing children.
LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2002 Prince Rupert Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              256 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                          May 2, 2000, Tuesday, FINAL

Canadians must 'draw line' on medicare: It's time to 'face facts' about
expensive technology, aging population, Tobin says

BYLINE: Mark Kennedy

SECTION: News; A1 / Front

LENGTH: 835 words


Newfoundland Premier Brian Tobin says the country must confront some tough
ethical choices about where to ''draw the line'' on how generous medicare can be
for Canadians.
He said Canadians overwhelmingly support the principles of the 30-year-old
public health system, but that governments must face the fact that certain
factors -- such as the aging population and introduction of expensive
technologies such as MRIs and drug therapies -- will dramatically boost future
costs of the $60-billion medicare program.
In his speech, the Liberal premier said the provinces and the federal government
-- currently embroiled in a dispute over federal funding for medicare -- must
find a way to resolve their differences.
Mr. Romanow called on the federal government and other provinces to help him
start a ''national dialogue'' -- perhaps through a special inquiry or royal
commission similar to the one headed by Emmett Hall in the 1960s that helped
lead to medicare.
The NDP premier said an ''honest and open debate'' is required to discuss
questions such as: What ''medically necessary'' services should provinces be
expected to cover in their health plans, and to what extent, if at all, can
patients themselves contribute toward the costs of their health care?
Mr. Tobin was unclear as to whether he favours a royal commission and it appears
he is leaning more toward governments themselves agreeing on how to set the
parameters of medicare, while still embracing improvements such as home care and
preventive-medicine programs.
9

LENGTH: 779 words

DATELINE: Washington


Six insurance professionals have created a new organization they say will seek
to uphold professional standards and responsibilities for insurance agents by
awarding a new designation.
The organizers said they would establish and enforce professional standards,
implement an accreditation process and promote the designation to both the
industry and the public in a national publicity campaign.
There will also be a board of professional standards that will approve the
certification of each benefit advisor, review consumer complaints and issue
recommendations.
Wes gave this illustration: "If closing a plant or displacing 500
employees allows the company to survive for its 10,000 other employees, the
definition would appear to say that this action is ethically justified.
If,
however, survival were not the question, but the closing of the plant enabled
the corporation to sell its $250 product for $200, is the closure still ethical?
Employee benefits can include income protection, health insurance, travel
insurance, dental plans, cash plans, childcare vouchers, employee assistance
programs and health screening.
As with many business decisions, the use of
professionals can help save a large amount of time and money, and our advice
would be to use a fee-based independent financial adviser who will help you
select the right combination of benefits for your scheme.
By the end of April they had enlisted Mill Valley physician Curtis Robinson as
medical director; fluent in Spanish, he had worked exensively with low income
populations.
Unlike Canadian companies that have popped up offering similar services, this
American operation charges a $200-a-year membership fee and connects patients
directly with service providers.
"Our only source of revenue is the membership fees from patients so we don't get
into any ethical grey areas about sending people to specific providers or
facilities because that's the best financial arrangement for us."
It is possible that a researcher would be
required to complete 64 pages, but they would need to be carrying out research
into an investigational drug, involving a new medical device, requiring the
collection of human tissue, while administering questionnaires and ionising
radiation to prisoners, who were children with learning disabilities, with a
terminal illness, in a young offenders' institution, suffering from dementia and
unable to consent themselves.
We cannot guarantee to publish all responses,
and we reserve the right to edit pieces for both length and content

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              266 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                      March 20, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Aflac Named a World's Most Ethical Company for 8th Consecutive Year

LENGTH: 411  words


March 20 -- Aflac, the leading provider of voluntary insurance in the United
States and a 2013 FORTUNE Blue Ribbon Company, has been named to the Ethisphere
Institute's 2014 list of World's Most Ethical Companies.
More than 1,000 clinics in the private sector, both GPs and specialists, will be
affected by this ruling, as they have patients who are sent to them from TPAs,
especially those who represent insurers, and companies that offer medical
benefits to employees.
The other is that more than 80 per cent of bills from the practice should "fall
within a narrow range", which would apply to most GP clinics but not likely to
specialists, whose services and fees could vary greatly.
Ms Veronica Allen, chief executive officer of Parkway Shenton which has about
680 specialists and 360 GP clinics under its third-party agreements, said: "We
agree that administrative fees charged should primarily reflect the work of the
TPA and not be so high as to constitute fee splitting with the doctor."
The SMC said last night that it "appreciates the support of our professional
bodies", and repeated that fees paid must reflect actual work done by the TPA
and be transparent to the patient or payer.
Presenters examine the regulatory
requirements of IRB review and consent documentation and discuss the potential
ethical challenges of using electronic technology in streamlining the informed
consent process.
J. Claire Carbary regularly delivers IRB-focused presentations covering such
topics as: social media, HIPAA requirements and safety reporting.
PRIM&R's annual Advancing Ethical Research Conference is an educational event
for professionals working in the field of human subject protection.
The
conference brings together over 2,500 industry professionals from hospitals,
universities, government, and other research institutions in an educational,
three-day networking opportunity.
Seniors, people
with disabilities and their families know Margie has worked hard to help them
secure Medicare D benefits.
Health care professionals know Margie as a co-worker
and a supporter of the single-payer initiative.
She is ethical and professional.
"Furthermore, today's factory farms condemn millions of cows to sheds for most
of their lives, which not only is unethical from an animal-welfare perspective
but also has serious negative environmental effects."
Speaking as he announced plans to consider continuing the scheme, Coun Blackburn
said it was "not for politicians to pretend to be nutritionists" and that
decisions on the content offered would be made by council officers working with
staff from the NHS.
You can search for a local IFA who specialises in ethical investments at
www.moneyobserver.com , using the 'Find an IFA' service.
5

LENGTH: 648 words


Jay C. Hoffman

Party: Democrat

Incumbent: Yes

Age: 44

Home: Collinsville

Occupation: State representative-attorney, State of Illinois

Political experience: State representative, 112th District,1991-present

PRIORITIES:

My priorities include expanding the availability of health insurance coverage
for children and working families, prescription medication assistance and
property tax relief for seniors, providing quality education and supporting
infrastructure improvements.
I would rewrite the school funding formula so that the state
takes more responsibility for funding the school with our income tax tax and
sales tax dollars so that our property taxes would be lower.
The state also
needs to stop funding pork projects and special interests until it can fulfill
its obligations such as school funding, medicaid payments and pension payments.
QUALIFICATIONS:

The special qualifications I have are that I am ethical; I have three degrees in
education in administration; I have been a life-long leader in the classroom and
directing choirs; I am a moderate and bi-partisan and I have a knack for getting
people to work together for the common good.
My approach to this office would be different because I would be ethical,
honest, bipartisan and working for the good of my constituents rather than for
my own self aggrandizement or special interest groups.
A special holding is BCE Inc. (BCE--TSE, high $68.95 (Canadian), low $44.25,
close $63.85, average cost $44.48), which has soared in part because it's the
parent of Northern Telecom Ltd. Northern Telecom does business in Myanmar -- a
repressive regime -- and can't be in Summa Fund's portfolio.
"There will be consolidation in the air bag business and this
firm will either do the consolidating or be taken over at a premium."
Opinion 739 concluded that fees for specialized counsel
retained to negotiate a plaintiff's complex Medicare, Medicaid or private health
insurance lien may be charged to a settlement as a disbursement under certain
conditions.
Critics may point out one or four small chinks in BHP's ethical armour: uranium
and coal operations; environmental fallout from its notorious Ok Tedi copper
mine in Papua New Guinea; and its unwillingness to sever ties with controversial
explorer Tigris Petroleum in Iraq.
Since the law went into
effect, monthly premiums for my family of three have already more than doubled,
from $450 a month to $930.
The number of
insurers offering individual plans in Colorado, as in many other states, has
dwindled; there are now only three companies - Anthem, Cigna and Kaiser - left
in our ZIP code.
Only one of our longtime doctors participates in any of these 2017
A.C.A.-plan networks.
But these options still leave gaps in your coverage,
and subject you to a fine for not carrying proper insurance - up to 2.5 percent
of your adjusted gross income.
The social system is such that people
out of a job are even paid a living allowance and the National Health Service
provides for all medical eventualities.
We must get the public to
understand that the tobacco industry is reprehensible and needs reining in,
especially when it targets the young."
And insurance companies have groups of preferred, or in-network
providers, who accept their fee schedules and keep costs down.
Don't expect
every Minnesota physician to apply (for a fee, of course) to become a provider
for every plan based outside of the state.
Using out-of-network providers results in higher deductibles and a higher
percentage of out-of-pocket costs for holders of these policies.
The Oct. 11
article "The merged Delta-Northwest: Smooth Flight" made me realize that the
flying public doesn't understand that the employees at the airport, in the
flight deck and on the airplane are the same employees who have served them for
more than 40 years.
BOB CIERNIA, NORTHFIELD, MINN.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              282 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               Egypt Independent

                            October 21, 2016 Friday

Pharma companies targeting poor Egytians for drug trails: NGO

BYLINE: Aswat Masriya,Egypt Independent

LENGTH: 499  words


Egypt ranks second among African nations for the number of drugs trials
conducted by pharmaceutical companies, due in part to the high cost of
healthcare and widespread poverty in Egypt, according to a recent study by the
Egyptian Initiative for Personal Rights.
The NGO issued a report on Tuesday suggesting that Egypt is an attractive
location for multinational pharamceutical companies seeking to test new drugs,
since poverty makes patients more willing to take part.
Over the past two decades, clinical trials have increased sharply in low- and
middle-income countries, including Egypt, where there is a high risk of
breaching ethical standards, says the report.
However, the report said that "only a small number of drugs tested in
Egypt are licensed later and made available on the Egyptian market at convenient
prices, contrary to what occurs in high-income countries where similar tests are
conducted."
When such drugs are made available in Egypt, they are usually too expensive for
Egyptian families, with the monthly cost of some treatments 20 times the monthly
per capita income in the public sector, according to the report.
Third parties are everywhere, and perhaps no third party influences
the practice of medicine so strongly as payers -- private and governmental.
The obligations that physicians have to society
are less well-specified, requiring the professional to balance social justice
concerns (regarding fair distribution of the primary care burden across
physicians and access to care for lower-income patients) with professional
autonomy concerns.
Back to top

Back to top

Back to top

Weblink

American Academy of Private Physicians (www.aapp.org/)

American Medical Association Code of Ethics Opinion 8.055 on retainer practices
(www.ama-assn.org/ama/pub/physician-resources/medical-ethics/code-medical-ethics
/opinion8055.page)

Back to top

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 American Medical Association
                              All Rights Reserved


                              284 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             March 29, 2011 Tuesday

DeLeo summons leaders to a retreat // 2-day talks planned on budget, ethics,
gaming

BYLINE: John J. Monahan

SECTION: NEWS; Pg.
I think the intention is
for members of the speaker's leadership team to understand we have a
responsibility to uphold the principles in our oath and ethics, personally and
professionally," Mr. Pedone said.
Deep budget cuts are expected when the House unveils its budget next month and
the speaker has said he is ready to act on bills to lower municipal health care
costs by forcing cities with higher-cost insurance programs to join the state
Group Insurance Commission plan for worker coverage.
According to Ethisphere, Aflac secured a hard-earned spot on the list by going
the extra mile in implementing upright business practices and initiatives that
are instrumental to the company's success, that benefit the community, and that
raise the bar for ethical standards within the industry.
13

LENGTH: 1000 words


Green victory

CRITICISM of Body Shop's environmental and ethical credentials generated by the
American magazine Business Ethics has been unfair, concludes the Ethical
Investment Research Service after reviewing the allegations and Body Shop's
responses.
DENVER

Trial under way in Qwest fraud

Four former Qwest executives head to federal court today for jury selection in
the first criminal trial arising from probes of questionable accounting at the
telecommunications company.
Through the acquisition and creation of a series of private clinics and
companies, Medisys grew into a lucrative major provider of health services
across Canada for corporations, insurance companies, provincial and federal
government agencies, and individuals.
Another question: By going into PCP so quickly, will Couillard profit unduly
from his five-year stint as health minister and from his laws and regulations
favouring outsourcing to private health-care services and the use of private
health insurance plans?
The statistics cited on immigrant births establish no clear causal
relationship between birthright citizenship and illegal immigration, he does not
mention that birthright citizenship confers no legal status to undocumented
parents thereby reducing its significance as an immigration loophole, and there
is no explanation of how pregnant women or babies born here would heretofore be
screened for the "right blood type."
Car buyers, for example, can pay $
1,000 per vehicle in health insurance premiums for auto workers and for the big
insurance company staffs that administer their policies.
Is it ethical to require the customer, who may not have health insurance himself
but may not be poor enough to qualify for Medicaid, to pay the premiums of
workers who may be better off than he is?
The very existence of the U.S. merchant marine industry is now threatened by
special interest groups that view maritime reform legislation as a tax on trade.
It may turn out
that robotic weapons are actually better at meeting those requirements than
humans are.
Since the law went into
effect, monthly premiums for my family of three have already more than doubled,
from $450 a month to $930.
The number of
insurers offering individual plans in Colorado, as in many other states, has
dwindled; there are now only three companies -- Anthem, Cigna and Kaiser -- left
in our ZIP code.
Only one of our longtime doctors participates in any of these 2017
A.C.A.-plan networks.
But these options still leave gaps in your coverage,
and subject you to a fine for not carrying proper insurance -- up to 2.5 percent
of your adjusted gross income.
Beyond concerns of limiting liability, however, the ethical obligations of
physicians who participate in health fairs have not been examined adequately.
Therefore, the
health fair planners invited organizations that provide supportive care
services.
Physicians who volunteer should collaborate with colleagues and use their power
in planning fairs with resource guides to key health services.
Including resources relevant to the social determinants
of health, especially addressing socioeconomic and geographic barriers access,
is a viable solution for addressing some of the challenges confronted by the
physician volunteer.
Given the ethical considerations of health fair participation, physicians must
be involved in the early planning phase to ensure that the needs of vulnerable,
underserved individuals are met -- as a moral imperative.
Employee benefits can include income protection, health insurance, travel
insurance, dental plans, cash plans, childcare vouchers, employee assistance
programs and health screening.
As with many business decisions, the use of professionals can help save a large
amount of time and money, and our advice would be to use a fee-based independent
financial adviser who will help you select the right combination of benefits for
your scheme.
LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 The Irish News Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              296 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                            November 28, 2005 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Report says public in dark over flu pandemic plans: U of T centre warns lack of
public input may lead to erosion of trust, panic

BYLINE: Mark Kennedy, CanWest News Service

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg.
B6

LENGTH: 459  words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


OTTAWA -- Governments preparing for a flu pandemic should develop ethical
guidelines for their plans that include health and disability insurance for
health workers and special assistance for people forced into quarantine, says a
new report released Sunday.
The report, prepared by the University of Toronto's Joint Centre for Bioethics,
warns governments throughout the world -- including Canada -- are not doing
enough to engage the public in discussions about the ethical values that should
underpin pandemic preparedness plans.
Last year, the federal government released a plan that spells out how it will
prepare for, and respond to, a flu pandemic that experts say could kill millions
of people worldwide.
- Governments and the health sector should ensure disability insurance and death
benefits are available to health workers and their families adversely affected
while performing their duties.
Beyond concerns of limiting liability, however, the ethical obligations of
physicians who participate in health fairs have not been examined adequately.
Therefore, the
health fair planners invited organizations that provide supportive care
services.
Physicians who volunteer should collaborate with colleagues and use their power
in planning fairs with resource guides to key health services.
Including resources relevant to the social determinants
of health, especially addressing socioeconomic and geographic barriers access,
is a viable solution for addressing some of the challenges confronted by the
physician volunteer.
Given the ethical considerations of health fair participation, physicians must
be involved in the early planning phase to ensure that the needs of vulnerable,
underserved individuals are met -- as a moral imperative.
But it is unlikely, in this age of Gramm-Rudman and burgeoning budget deficits,
that Congress will make heart or liver transplants an automatic, free public
program.
But where does that leave the unemployed, those with less generous benefits or
those with individual policies that are far less likely to offer such benefits
without exorbitant premiums?
Can we reach a
national consensus on who should be a prospect for an organ transplant?
Conestoga's mission statement says the company "operates in a professional
environment founded upon the highest ethical, moral and Christian principles."
The main issue for Conestoga's owners -- Norman, Norman L. and Anthony Hahn --
is the inclusion of abortifacient drugs, such as Plan B, also known as the
"morning after pill" and the counseling and education requirements related to
these services, said Charles Proctor, the lawyer representing Conestoga in the
case.
The students typically
explore what makes a law a "right" and whether rights must be enforceable to be
"law," again, fundamental concepts for many ACA provisions and other health law
statutes that do not provide for a private right of action.
Day 2: Supreme Court, ACA, and Health Policy

 For the second class, students read an edited version of the Supreme Court
decision in King v. Burwell, which decided that the ACA's premium tax credit
subsidies are available to help people purchase individual insurance in states
that use the federal Exchange as well as in states that set up their own
Exchange.
I have the students identify who they think should be at the table to talk
about a Massachusetts health reform law and their list looks very similar to the
group that came to the table in Massachusetts: consumer groups, faith leaders,
large employers, small employers, labor unions, hospitals, insurers, health care
professionals (not just doctors), and employers, state agency officials, and
legislative leaders.
This exercise helps the students begin thinking about who
is impacted by health law, how different people and different provider groups
may be differently impacted, and who tends to weigh in as stakeholders during
the lawmaking process.
I want them to
understand the special rules that attach to Budget Reconciliation bills and the
important role they play in health policy.
I also explain
why Justice Roberts's conclusion that interpreting the meaning of premium tax
credit provision is "too big and important to leave to an agency" (my term, not
his) is a big deal for the field of administrative law and something they will
see revisited when they take that course.
This gives the students an opportunity to
discuss how the three legs of the ACA individual market reforms - guaranteed
issue combined with community rating, premium tax credits, and the individual
tax penalty mandate - work together in an attempt to grow the risk pool for the
individual market.
The students quickly come up with ideas for criminal
law and civil law penalties not tied to income taxation, drawing on analogies
from auto insurance and driver license requirements.
It also raises
the question of why policy makers would want to get health coverage embroiled in
something as unpopular as income taxes and the IRS.
If you alert her to the fraud, while spreading the word that managers have
discovered that some agency locums are billing for phantom hours and plan to
make a public example of the first fraudster that they unmask, you should
engineer a successful, and ethical, outcome, shouldn't you?
A spokesman for the Bucknall-based trust said: "It was felt as a healthcare
provider, alcohol, tobacco and armaments related industries had to be excluded
from our investments on ethical grounds."
Without health insurance, mental health benefits,
or so much as $150 for a month's worth of anti-depressants, she had no idea
where to turn.
They cite the need for a balanced health care system that focuses on
both illness and wellness, and allows patients and providers the chance to work
together to prevent illness and save money.
"As the provisions of the ACA kick in, millions more people will have access to
primary care providers and preventive services like vaccinations and routine
screenings for high blood pressure and cancer," says Sauser, who is also a RWJF
Clinical Scholar.
EMTALA, which requires hospitals and providers to evaluate, stabilize and
provide basic lifesaving treatment to any patient who comes to an emergency
department or is in active labor, was passed during President Ronald Reagan's
administration.
This moral view is justified on
the simple explanation that the economically able, the rich cannot exist without
the economically unable, the "poor" for the wealth of the rich comes from the
consuming power of the "poor" and "needy".
In this regard, the human being has
natural rights, soul rights; mind rights which trump the physical, and which
trump his/her material poverty.
And the social network in society, which creates
extreme wealth on one hand and extreme poverty on the other, provides for that
trump.
But that appeal to the formality of law and
democracy is where the strength of the explanation of the Congressional
Republicans and the Republican Party ends.
LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2013 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              313 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                       March 13, 2017 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Ethisphere Says Aflac is a World's Most Ethical Company for 11th Time

LENGTH: 367  words


March 13 -- Aflac, the leading provider of voluntary insurance at the worksite
in the United States, announced today that it has once again been included on
Ethisphere's listing of the World's Most Ethical Companies (WME).
That kind of elitist attitude does not square with the
fact that the vast majority of its income is provided from public sources.
While some in the insurance industry say such genetic testing could mean lower
premiums for many Canadians, serious ethical questions have arisen about an
individual's right to privacy.
1798

LENGTH: 169  words


As someone who has recently gained permission to conduct his MRes dissertation
research in two departments of a local hospital, I agree with the recent
articles highlighting the obstacles researchers face when planning to do
research in and around the National Health Service.
It is also worth noting that
such governance procedures may not only discourage the social scientific
researcher from conducting such research but may not promote ethical research.
While the US concluded years ago that ethical considerations in social
scientific research ought to be governed by the same model as medical research,
Denmark concluded the opposite.
If the NHS is to review its procedures for the
governance of research, it may be worth those in the social scientific community
working together to promote the view that the ethics of such research ought to
be considered as qualitatively different from that of biomedical research and be
governed by specifically designed procedures.
17

LENGTH: 284 words


One of Britain's biggest and oldest ethical funds this week turned "dark green",
applying some of the strictest environmental screening the industry has yet
seen.
LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2001 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              322 of 999 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                 June 28, 2017

                                 Suzuken Co Ltd

                             8 Higashi Kataha-machi
                                Nagoya 461-8701
                                     Japan

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Consolidated Financial Statements for the First Quarter of the Fiscal Year
Ending March 31, 2016

   Aug 03, 2015

   Suzuken Co., Ltd announced it`s consolidated Financial Statements for the
first quarter of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2016.Qualitative Information
on Quarterly Consolidated Financial StatementsExplanation of Results of
Operations In the first quarter of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2016, the
Japanese economy continued to recover gradually, in part due to the government's
economic policies.
The ethical
pharmaceuticals market grew in monetary terms, driven by an increase in
prescription of medicines treating lifestyle-related diseases and oncological
drugs for an aging Japanese society, and the launch of new drugs.
Qualitative Information on Quarterly Consolidated Financial Statements(1)
Explanation of Results of Operations In the first three quarters of the fiscal
year ending March 31, 2015, the Japanese economy remained in a gradual recovery,
in part due to the impact of the government's economic policies.
Operating income of this business
declined due to an increase in personnel expenses for securing personnel, among
other factors.
Meanwhile, cost of sales increased as we also strengthened initiatives to
bolster and further expand our community-based nursing care services by opening
new facilities and hiring more nursing care professionals.
Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData.
As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.
Independent since 2008: being independent we
can provide hearing aids or implants from all manufacturers to ensure you get
the one right for your needs.
It may turn out
that robotic weapons are actually better at meeting those requirements than
humans are.
The new policy comes when declining physician income appears to be affecting the
amount of charity care doctors provide.
Proposed action: The Council
on Ethical and Judicial Affairs said there is a lack of policy or scientific and
ethical consensus on chimeras, and the issue affects few physicians.
[Adopted]

Issue: Working with patients to plan in advance for end-of-life care situations
is a legally complicated and ethically fraught area for doctors.
Proposed
action: Direct the AMA to develop an educational session on advance care
planning at an upcoming Annual or Interim Meeting and ask CEJA to update its
ethical guidance on end-of-life issues.
[Adopted]

Retrieve Attachment

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 American Medical Association
                              All Rights Reserved


                              326 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

Doctors debate cash for organs scheme;
It opens door to possibility of an 'ethical' market in Britain that lets donors
sell organs for transplants

                           December 4, 2003 Thursday


LONDON - British doctors are debating a radical change in medical law to allow
the National Health Service (NHS) to buy organs from live donors in Britain and
Europe, a report said.
The Guardian said that Dr John Harris, professor of bioethics at Manchester
University, would argue in a closed BMA session for healthy donors to be given
the right to sell a kidney, part of a liver or bone marrow for transplanting to
a sick patient.
With the backing of some of Britain's leading transplant surgeons, he was
expected to say yesterday that thousands of lives could be saved by establishing
'an ethical market' in live organs.
Prof Harris' stand is that the NHS should be the monopoly buyer of donated
organs, taking on the responsibility for giving the organs to patients in the
greatest need and maintaining the highest standards of transplant surgery, The
Guardian said.
SECTION: EDITORIAL

LENGTH: 90 words


Here is an ethical question: Is it fair that workers who earn minimum wages,
have no health insurance themselves and have no retirement plan contribute, via
their federal taxes,  for the salary of $174,000 a year for our current U.S.
senators and representatives; the health insurance for all retired and current
U.S. senators and  representatives and their families; and contribute 93 percent
of tax money toward the retirement plan these elected officials receive at age
62 (current rate is almost $140,000/year)?
1973: Rehabilitation Act.First civil rights bill for disabled
persons, entitling the handicapped to improved access to buildings and public
transportation.
Does this mean the professionals are making the same mistake they always accuse
individual investors of making (that is, using past performance to predict the
future), or do they know something we don't?$$$$$

THE management company behind the $230 million Howard Mortgage Trust has set up
a new subsidiary, Howard Pacific Ltd, to access funds for mortgages from the
securitisation market.
SUN Alliance has changed its term life and trauma insurance policies to allow
policyholders to nominate up to 10 beneficiaries to receive their payout on
death.
Another enhancement is a special events increase option which allows you to
automatically increase your cover - without the need for additional medical
evidence - in the event of things like marriage, childbirth or adoption,
increasing or taking out a mortgage, and an increase in the value of the insured
person's business.
In addition to tax structures, the seminars will cover self-managed super,
maximising returns, and estate planning.
Ethical approval has
quite rightly to be obtained from the NHS Research Ethics Service (NRES), which
also considers the scientific value of the research.
Sometimes committee members with no
research qualifications reject ethically approved research on spurious
scientific grounds.
January 27, 2017

                        Thrivent Financial for Lutherans

                            625 Fourth Avenue South
                             Minneapolis 55415-1624
                                 United States


HISTORY
YEAR EVENT TYPE          DESCRIPTION
2015 Acquisitions/Merger Thrivent initiated an agreement with Newman Long Term
     s/Takeovers         Care, a long term care insurance provider in the US,
                         to acquire its all its businesses.
2012 New                 Thrivent introduced Thrivent Long-Term Care Insurance
     Products/Services   product including international care, special
                         equipment, hospice care, home care services, and
                         alternate care.
Some have been bypassed because of the industry they're in - tobacco company
Rothmans Inc. being a prime example - while others are missing because either
their environmental, corporate governance, human rights or social practices are
faulty.
LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2005 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              335 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                          November 12, 2008 Wednesday
                                 Mersey Edition

Ethical groups link with new healthcare plan;
IN ASSOCIATION WITH Rensburg Sheppards

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg.
Sue Weir, chief executive of Medicash said: "The cost of healthcare in the UK is
rising and, in the current economic climate, cash plans represent an affordable
way for people to spread the cost of health treatment and gain peace of mind.
"Currently only 8% of the UK population have a cash plan so this new partnership
with the Co-operative gives us the opportunity to communicate the benefits of
Medicash products to a broader audience throughout the UK."
Judging from one national health plan, about a quarter of insured
Americans have one or more scans annually.
There are also two other fundamental questions that must be addressed when it
comes to the health care debate &ndash; the first one  ethical and the second
practical.
Such quality-improvement efforts by private insurers -- and the ethical issues
they raise -- are of acute interest to members of the National Bipartisan
Commission on the Future of Medicare, a panel created by Congress and the White
House as part of last year's balanced-budget agreement to rethink the nation's
vast health insurance system for the elderly and the disabled.
And they looked at how a major health
system is using videos and advanced telecommunications to export sophisticated
treatment to rural communities.
Some of the hundreds of people who filled an auditorium of the city's convention
center urged the commission to consider fundamentally new approaches to
Medicare: Converting it entirely to a system of "medical savings accounts," for
example, or adopting a system of medical "rationing" to give the greatest help
to the most patients, while eliminating coverage for certain kinds of care.
Ruth Odegard said she would be delighted if Medicare added prescription benefits
to cover her mother's medications, which cost $ 500 per month.
Randall Perry

Eureka

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              340 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             National Underwriter,
                    Life & Health/Financial Services Edition

                                February 7, 2005

The Settlement Advisor And Fiduciary Concerns

BYLINE: BY BRANDON SMITH; Brandon Smith is assistant to the president at Life
Equity L.L.C., Hudson, Ohio, a life settlement provider.
The parties are the current owner of the policy, a third-party agent or broker,
and the life settlement provider that purchases the policy.
The agent or broker acts as a fiduciary of the owner and negotiates with
providers to get the best possible offer for the owner s policy.
Like a homeowner selling a house, a policy seller needs help from a
knowledgeable professional who is paid to act in the best interests of the
seller and understands the complexities involved with the disposition of the
property.
Once the deal is completed, the original policy owner receives a large sum of
cash and can stop making premium payments.
The new owner of the policy, the life settlement provider, starts paying the
premiums and, eventually, collects the policy death benefits.
The provider must support
the policy.
Because of those
differences, it is imperative that an agent or broker solicit bids only from
providers that are both experienced and ethical.
To ensure that the parties respect the policy owner s confidences, it is
essential that the agent or broker seek bids only from reputable providers that
have proven track records of complying with the law and adhering to high ethical
standards.
A financial advisor who is helping a client evaluate life settlement offers
should help the policy seller consider factors such as provider licensing,
availability of institutional funding and the strength of the provider s
compliance department, as well as price.
The policy seller then will
have access to the funds within 3 days of the escrow agent receiving
confirmation from the insurance company that title to the policy has been
transferred to the provider.
If the seller dies during the 15-day grace
period or cancels the transaction, the provider must be reimbursed for the
purchase price paid and for any premiums paid to keep the policy in force.
For claimants with organ failures, some assessors assess such claims not by the
dire state the claimant is in, but rather on the basis the claimant may receive
an organ transplant in the future.
Such an approach is ethically untenable because a patient's eligibility and
placement on an organ transplant list is confidential and there is no guarantee
of receiving an organ before death; or if an organ transplant does occur there
is no guarantee of its success.
Through their primary strategy of investing in local private equity funds, they
seek to build companies that deliver high risk-adjusted returns while promoting
positive ethical, social and environmental values.
With the right partners and strategy, growing highly successful and profitable
companies can have a significant developmental impact.
With a $15mm
equity guarantee from the Canadian government, and a $50mm credit guarantee from
OPIC (a U.S. government agency), the fund raised $150mm of equity and debt,
driving private capital into mid-market companies in a careful interplay of
finance and values.
Environmental, social and governance (ESG) considerations
are at the core of how Sarona implements its strategy.
For Sarona, consideration of ESG
issues means taking material, ethical, environmental, social and governance
risks and opportunities into account when making investment decisions.
At the
same time, Sarona defines impact investments as investments made with the
intention of generating positive social and environmental outcomes alongside a
financial return.
MOH said it is working with medical professional bodies and associations to
raise doctors' awareness of appropriate arrangements with TPAs.
Mr Choo, the MP, used to work for billionaire investor Peter Lim, who owns
healthcare provider Thomson Medical.
We are built on a
foundation of high ethical standards, outstanding customer service, and taking a
problem-solving approach to finding the most affordable health insurance plan to
fit employers' health care coverage needs.
It's our job to be honest and get you the BEST insurance plan based on
your needs.
Ho cautioned that doctors need to be sure exceptional treatments they recommend
are approved by Health Canada and that they're not suggesting an alternative
treatment as an experimental trial.
The issue of costs come up when a certain treatment is unusually expensive or if
the patient isn't covered by provincial health coverage but is in need of
specialized treatment.
Doctors receive some ethical training in medical school, but there's no
requirement they engage in any further ethics education during their ongoing
professional instruction.
A 2005 University of Toronto study which surveyed 12 ethics specialists at
Toronto hospitals revealed that conflicts over treatment decisions were the top
ethical issues doctors in that city faced.
Most disciplines of mental health have their own regulatory board or committee
that oversees ethical standards and practices, license renewals, etc.
If you
think your treatment provider has violated ethical standards or the law, use the
following list to determine which organization to contact.
The state offices
listed above can direct you to the local professional organization.
But if significant numbers of doctors condone fraud in the guise of "patient
advocacy," the ethics units of medical schools and professional organizations
need to take note.
Patients may choose to have assisted death under the current law but healthcare
providers should not be forced against their moral and ethical judgment to
administer the lethal injection.
LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Getty Images; Patients may choose to have assisted death under the
current legislation but health-care providers should not be forced against their
moral and ethical judgment to administer the lethal injection, Windsor resident
Colette Nantais writes.
During his speech Mr Freer planned to praise health minister
Jane Ellison for her work outlawing FGM, before adding: "I must ask if she would
have been happy with a memorandum of understanding?
If it was right that the committee was set up to provide a forum for
professionals to talk things over and to provide general guidelines, then the
court should be slow, if indeed it had the power, to force such a committee to
receive representations before it decided not to give advice.
A noted U-M psychiatrist, medical administrator and government advisor who was
one of the first to see mental illness as both an emotional and physical
problem, Waggoner maintained a strong interest in medical ethics and values
throughout his career.
LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              361 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            October 28, 2003 Tuesday

Washington roundup

LENGTH: 740 words


Washington roundup

President's council questions biotech's use 'beyond therapy'

By KIM COGHILL  Medical Device Daily Washington Writer  A document exploring the
implications of using biotechnical powers for reasons beyond therapy takes up
controversial issues like the prospect of creating designer babies, and
questions whether such scientific advances are possible and ethical.
More recently, their comments have emphasized the "costs of
corruption," an approach that attempts to link GOP ethical lapses to pocketbook
issues such as prescription-drug coverage and high energy prices.
Yet much of the report deals with concerns about Republicans' handling of such
beyond-the-Beltway issues as the Medicare prescription-drug bill, energy prices,
the environment, homeland security, Hurricane Katrina and defense contractors.
The
guidance emphasizes five key ethical obligations for governments, health
workers, care providers, nongovernmental organizations, researchers, and other
stakeholders, including providing patients with the social support they need to
fulfill their responsibilities and refraining from isolating TB patients before
exhausting all options to enable treatment adherence and only under very
specific conditions.
In testimony before a Senate committee this year, insurance industry officials
insisted prospective and existing policy holders must disclose any material
information relevant to assessing the risk of insuring them and setting a
premium reflecting the degree of risk.
10-2 NEWS LOCAL BRIEFS::1

LENGTH: 562 words


bkm

CHEYENNE

Course will help better explain health insurance marketplace

A free course will be offered from 9 a.m.-3:30 p.m. Friday for professionals who
routinely offer advice to consumers seeking health insurance through the federal
Health Insurance Marketplace.
The bank's business plan calls for it to gain 40,000 to 60,000 customers the
first year and to break even the second year.
8A

LENGTH: 2320 words

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: quart, Crompton, photos

                      Copyright 1996 American Banker, Inc.


                              372 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                     February 19, 2013 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Paul Gennaro, AECOM Senior Vice President and Chief Communications Officer,
Joins Advisory Board of Emory University's Center for Ethics

LENGTH: 350  words


New Delhi, Feb. 19 -- AECOM Technology Corporation, a leading provider of
professional technical and management support services for public and private
clients in more than 140 countries around the world, announced today that Paul
J. Gennaro, senior vice president and chief communications officer, has joined
the advisory board of Emory University's Center for Ethics.
During his speech Mr Freer planned to praise health minister Jane Ellison for
her work outlawing FGM, before adding: "I must ask if she would have been happy
with a memorandum of understanding?
LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2015 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              374 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             March 23, 1979 Friday

Medical care

BYLINE: Titus Owolabi; GAM

LENGTH: 275 words

DATELINE: Toronto ON


I was amazed at the double-think of your editorial, The Health of the
 Plans (March 16): legislate all physicians into the plan indirectly and,
 presto, all ills are cured!
The Alfresa Group are
continuing to work toward achieving the priority targets under 10-12 Medium-term
Management Plan Advancement and Expansion--Next Stage which was launched in
April 2010, in the plan's final year.
Through comprehensive business ties, ITOCHU will introduce Japanese products
with high added value with security and safety, especially in drugs and
healthcare products.
Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData.
As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.
These specialists do a
lot of the work that ethics committees once did.
Obvious examples include how reimbursement rates are set, premiums
calculated, formularies structured, covered versus noncovered benefits
determined, and investments in health infrastructure allocated.
Fund managers said Medibank's ability to boost earnings by lowering its costs
made it an attractive investment.Andy Gracey, a fund manager at Australian
Ethical Investment, said investors would be factoring cost savings in to the
market price, especially as Medibank moves from government to private ownership.
Parente is known nationally for his work tracking the development of these new
plans and he is a health adviser to Sen. John McCain's presidential campaign.
When this project is decided, there will be obstacles: the complicated task of
federal approval, winning local financing and heartfelt support, assuring
tasteful planning and upkeep and acquiring private sector participation.
Taxpayers now overpay private insurance companies providing Medicare Advantage
plans an average of 12 percent over the cost of covered services: $54 billion in
unnecessary costs over the next five years.
The House version of SCHIP expansion
ends these overpayments and shifts the government's role from corporate welfare
agent to efficient administrator of affordable health insurance programs for the
people who need it most: kids, seniors and people with disabilities.
Their mathematical
models for assessing risk only pushed financial firms to make false assumptions
- especially about the value of home mortgages.
"The plan by which all decisions are made is that we have to make sound business
decisions that make sense financially, and we've got to be ethical, we have to
be moral and right - that is the framework for making decisions," he said.
The company is working with provider communities and
some Indian nations to extend coverage there as well.
"The plan by which all decisions are made is that we have to make sound business
decisions that make sense financially, and we've got to be ethical, we have to
be moral and right - that is the framework for making decisions," he said.
The company is working with provider communities and
some Indian nations to extend coverage there as well.
LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Personnel or management changes

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              383 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

               The Mississippi Association of Health Underwriters

                           4209 Lakeland Drive  #267
                               Flowood,  MS 39232
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.ms-ahu.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   The Mississippi Association of Health Underwriters (MAHU) is a nonprofit
professional organization of health insurance professionals dedicated to serving
the health insurance needs of small and large employers in our state, and those
seeking individual health insurance coverage.
We also serve the public by
strengthening the insurance industry, advocating for effective legislation,
ethical leadership and professional standards, and by educating our members and
the clients they serve.
LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              384 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                          Health Insurance Washington

                            14715 Pacific Ave S #602
                               Tacoma,  WA 98444
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (877) 539-9041
URL: www.health-insurance-washington.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Health-Insurance-Washington.com is a small dedicated group of health
insurance industry professionals based in Tacoma, Washington who formed in 2004
with the sole purpose of taking the confusion out of finding great coverage for
medical, dental, prescriptions, and hospitalization benefits.
By utilizing the latest in internet technology for web
conferencing and telecommunications for doing business over the internet, we are
able to show you exactly what your plan will cover and what it will cost in a
fast and secure manner.
He knows that the AMA is not a collection of genteel and caring
professionals, but a militant union whose leaders have often conducted
themselves more like the bare-knuckled streetfighters of the old Builders
Labourers Federation than highly educated

professionals.
The AMA fought bitterly against the introduction of Medibank (the
name survives in the health insurance company Medibank Private, a real irony in
the light of the fact that Medibank was originally planned as a step towards the
abolition of private health insurance), and fought in the dirtiest fashion it
knew how.
For a well-educated, generously remunerated professional group who
functioned according to a lofty ethical code it was disappointing to observe
that all they ever wanted to talk about was money, more precisely how much they
were determined to earn ...
To give each new graduate after
postgraduation training a prescription pad, which amounts to a blank chequebook
on the government, would lead to a rapid increase in expenditures.
The response
to this should not have been to maintain the incomes of those in practice at the
expense of new graduates, but to allow the competition to lower the average
incomes of general practitioners and drive some of them out of this kind of
business.
Simon
Barber, director of EuropaBio's plant biotechnology unit, accused the majority
in the Parliament of being "unrealistic" and of taking the same over-cautious
approach that led to the de facto moratorium of new GMO products in the EU,
which has stopped "while the rest of the world evaluates, authorizes and
cultivates new products that are bringing significant environmental and economic
benefits."
Andy Gracey, a fund manager at Australian Ethical Investment, said investors
would be factoring cost savings in to the market price, especially as Medibank
moves from government to private ownership.
Nataline
Sarkisyan's case raises complex questions about how we ration resources - money
and, in this case, transplantable livers - and how we make medical decisions in
what one ethicist called "last-chance" situations.
Several ethicists pointed out that, in the '90s, many
insurers gave in to pressure to cover bone-marrow transplants for women with
breast cancer.
Asked whether doctors or insurance company employees should make treatment
decisions, Kang said Cigna did not decide whether she should have a transplant.
The
charges for a liver transplant and a year of follow-up treatment totaled nearly
$450,000 in 2005, according to Milliman USA.
Arthur Caplan, director of the Center for Bioethics at the University of
Pennsylvania, said there was still no escaping emotion as a factor in U.S.
medicine.
"Seventeen-year-olds and younger have special moral status," he said.
He said he thought the scientific bar for covering "promising but unproven"
treatments should be lower for dying patients who have no other treatment
alternatives.
Source: Principal Financial Group

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2017 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              396 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             April 27, 1982 Tuesday

Control, not cash, called MD issue

BYLINE: Walter Fox; GAM

LENGTH: 382 words

DATELINE: Toronto ONT


The great professional rip-off continues.
In a carefully worked out publicity campaign, the Ontario Government
 has created a situation which must ultimately destroy the professional
 aspects of medicine in Ontario.
The campaign works because it is
 received and orchestrated by the media, which have not carefully examined
 their own professional responsibility and possible conflicts of interest.
Both doctors and reporters must recognize
 that they have professional obligations that raise ethical and moral
 questions and make their work more than just getting the story and
 collecting a pay cheque or prescribing the drug and billing OHIP.
The general public, which is not made up of professionals, wants
 individualized, personal, professional, ethical and responsible service
 and hopes to pay for it on some kind of negotiated hourly rate.
If a professional's income is not directly linked to his performance,
 he may as well be working on an assembly line, turning one bolt after
 another.
At least the blue collar worker, if his income depends on factors
 unrelated to his performance, does not have the awesome responsibility
 that doctors carry.
But Americans
consistently grade Congress at a D or worse on such fundamental measures as
whether it is dealing with key issues facing the country, keeping excessive
partisanship in check, holding its members to high ethical standards, and
controlling the influence of special interests.
So congressional reform initiatives that take aim at legitimate issues ought to
have a place at the table; especially in tough times, it's important for
Congress not to appear to be getting special breaks at the taxpayer's expense.
More likely, the proposal was
simply too sweeping for Washington's special case: It would have cost the state
the speakership held by Rep. Tom Foley, and giving up that much hard-won clout
in Congress is too much to ask of even the most selfless electorate.
Andy Gracey, a fund manager at Australian Ethical Investment, said investors
would be factoring cost savings in to the market price, especially as Medibank
moves from government to private ownership.
LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1978 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              404 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                         Arizona Health Insurance Quote

                            14715 Pacific Ave S #602
                               Tacoma,  WA 98444
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.arizona-health-insurance-quote.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Arizona Health Insurance Quote.com is a small dedicated group of health
insurance industry professionals based in Tacoma, Washington who formed in 2004
with the sole purpose of taking the confusion out of finding great coverage for
medical, dental, prescriptions, and hospitalization benefits.
By utilizing the latest in internet technology for web
conferencing and telecommunications for doing business over the internet, we are
able to show you exactly what your plan will cover and what it will cost in a
fast and secure manner.
The compilation of studies he uses to illustrate that some of the fears of those
who argue against gestational surrogacy - such as the fear that it will be
detrimental to the child born in such a manner - are so far unfounded, and his
addressing many of the legal and ethical concerns contributes to a more robust
debate about this practice.
In their recent article, Pasquale Patrizio and Arthur Caplan
argue that on an individual patient level, so long as the standard of informed
consent - with particular attention to the pediatric patient - is met, there
should be no ethical issues in offering fertility preservation services to
cancer patients.
n14 The
strong investment in science by the federal government during the war incited an
interest in the expansive possibilities of scientific research among Americans.
n26 Attention
to the possible environmental factors places the responsibility for dealing with
cancer not on individuals, but on the institutions responsible for exposure to
carcinogens in our homes, workplaces, and communities, thus changing this model
to include social structures as well as medical ones.
He goes on to discuss malpractices by various stakeholders in the healthcare
industry in separate chapters: the pernicious practice of cuts and commissions
to doctors for referrals as well as for diagnostic tests (he says that
specialist doctors even pay advance commissions to general practitioners as an
incentive to refer more patients and build their practice), the scam of
unnecessary tests and treatments, the role of drug companies and appliance
manufacturers, how the poor and vulnerable are exploited, role of touts and
quacks (where he describes fakes as well as qualified professionals who practice
outside their field), etc.
With an estimated 39 million families pushed into
poverty every year as a result of mounting healthcare expenses, India simply
needs to get its act together on reforming the system.
Some vet practices may also provide information on pensioner discounts, reward
card schemes, discounted consultation fees for two or more pets and the
availability of emergency or specialist services.
Senate Clears Way for Medicare Bill
The Senate beat back two major challenges to a bill that would add prescription
drug benefits to Medicare.
LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              412 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                             May 10, 1997, Saturday

When there's a will; Makeover: Diane and her long-term partner should start by
considering what happens if one of them dies

SECTION: MONEY; Page  28

LENGTH: 1101 words


NAME: Diane Savage

AGE: 38

OCCUPATION: corporate liaison officer with a professional body.
THE ADVISER: Amanda Davidson, a partner at Holden Meehan, a firm of independent
financial advisers in London (Tel 0171 404 6442)

THE ADVICE: "Diane benefits from a final salary pension scheme set up by her
employer, where her final retirement income will be linked to the number of
years she has been with the organisation.
Whilst the 3 per cent increase is fine in low- inflation times, if
the cost of living should increase the real value of Diane's ill-health income
would reduce.
(Amanda Davidson's advice was given shortly before the end of the 1996- 97 tax
year, allowing Diane to take advantage of that year's tax allowance for her lump
sum PEP investment)

THE VERDICT: "I have taken up Amanda's advice on a number of issues.
Source: Aflac

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              416 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                      April 17, 2013 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Aflac Retains Membership on FTSE4Good Index

LENGTH: 288  words


New Delhi, April 17 -- Aflac, the number one provider of supplemental insurance
in the United States1, announced that the company has retained its membership on
the FTSE4Good Index.
For inclusion, eligible companies must meet criteria
requirements regarding sustainability, human rights, supply chain labor
standards, countering bribery and climate change.
LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              417 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                      April 17, 2013 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Aflac Retains Membership on FTSE4Good Index

LENGTH: 288  words


New Delhi, April 17 -- Aflac, the number one provider of supplemental insurance
in the United States1, announced that the company has retained its membership on
the FTSE4Good Index.
For inclusion, eligible companies must meet criteria
requirements regarding sustainability, human rights, supply chain labor
standards, countering bribery and climate change.
Taxpayer-funded services would mean private health insurance premiums
still would be affordable for non-chronic illnesses and younger people.
"Physicians need to start viewing this as a professional
and ethical problem and get more engaged in the discussion and make the kinds of
decisions to create more fairness."
She hopes to develop treatments that will prevent these disabilities
from developing.
David Harris: While receipts to the General Revenue fund have increased
substantially over the past several years because of income tax increases and
overall increased economic activity, the amount of tax dollars appropriated for
day-to-day state operations is decreasing.
Many of its customers wish to take
account of social, environmental and ethical considerations while providing the
investment characteristics that best serve them financially.
Planning is everything, particular in the case of international
health insurance, since the potentially high cost of private maternity care and
childbirth support overseas means that expatriate medical insurance is only
likely to come into force once a potential mother has been enrolled in an
international health insurance plan for a continuous period of 12 months prior
to birth.
LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Copyright 2002 MGN Ltd.


                              425 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                            January 3, 2012 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Clinics must pay to remove implants, says top surgeon;
Implants crisis 'could leave clinics broke'

BYLINE: Stephen Adams; Henry Samuel

SECTION: NEWS; FRONT PAGE; Pg.
1,2

LENGTH: 780 words


MORE than one in 10 faulty breast implants could have ruptured, according to a
leading plastic surgeon, who said yesterday that private clinics should pay the
£150 million bill for removing them.
Fazel Fatah, one of the members of the government-commissioned panel
investigating the scandal, said that the clinics had an "ethical and moral
obligation" to patients after using the cheap implants.
"My
personal view is the clinics which originally profited from these implants have
an ethical and moral obligation to these patients," he said.
He said:
"The implants are not fit for purpose; they are not fit for use in humans.
Many clinics fear they will be put out of business if made to pay the full costs
of removal and say it is unfair for them to shoulder the whole burden when they
bought the PIP implants in good faith.
They should also give women free access to their medical records, so they could
check if they had PIP implants or not, he said.
Stephen Dorrell, the
Conservative MP and chairman of the Commons health select committee, said the
cost of removing implants should be recovered from those who provided
"substandard products".
However, mental health charities warned that the discovery raised "ethical
dilemmas", particularly if insurance companies insisted on using it while
considering life assurance.
Mind, the charity which campaigns on mental health issues, warned that the test
could be used in ways which would not aid the mentally ill.

"We would be concerned," said a spokeswoman yesterday.
But even the most zealous reformers who want to extend the waiting period on
lobbying by ex-lawmakers from one to five years do not have a prescription for
stopping members from simply going to work for companies with business before
Congress.
Maybe you serve in the military
and fly a plane and go off and use those skills in the private sector," said
Jury.
Sebelius pointed to similar efforts by Mike Leavitt and Tommy Thompson, who are
former heads of HHS and Republicans, to publicize the prescription drug benefit
in Medicare Part D and the Children's Health Insurance Program.
A17 In Ottawa

LENGTH: 915 words


When your child is dying for want of an organ transplant, ethical considerations
are the first casualty.
The Camilo case puts an ethical wrinkle in the advancing science of
transplantation.
But Camilo's case may have done more harm than good to raise public awareness
and support for pediatric liver transplantation from adult donors.
As live-donor procedures become increasingly safe, the new panel established by
Health Minister Allan Rock this week should go beyond merely raising organ donor
awareness to kick-start an ethical debate on the scientific advances in
transplantation.
Taxpayer-funded services would mean private health insurance premiums
still would be affordable for non-chronic illnesses and younger people.
LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1989 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              438 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                     November 10, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Aflac, CAQ, Ethisphere to Host National Discussion on Business Ethics in Tokyo

LENGTH: 442  words


Nov. 10 -- Aflac, the leading provider of voluntary insurance sales at the
worksite in the U.S., and 10-time recipient of the Ethisphere World's Most
Ethical Companies award, today announced that Aflac Japan will sponsor the first
ever Ethisphere Institute Tokyo Ethics Forum, Moving Beyond Compliance to Create
an Ethical Corporate Culture, on November 14th.
Comprising
experts specializing in medical safety, it began conducting a probe and
discussing future measures in July last year.
In touching on plans for increased education spending and health-care expansion,
Blagojevich put the business community on notice that he's likely to continue
pushing to do away with corporate tax breaks in order to come up with the money.
Suburban lawmakers questioned how the governor plans to fund his new programs
given the growing problems keeping up with the current programs.
SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 807 words


April 08--PANAMA CITY -- Bay Medical Center Sacred Heath Health System answers
to an authority different than the hospital's former special district board, now
that ethical and religious directives help govern the health care facility.
The employees of the hospital work for the LHP Hospital Group, so unlike other
Sacred Heart facilities in the Panhandle, the Bay Medical Center Sacred Heart
Health System will have contraceptives covered by their health insurance plans.
This is the dilemma facing Oregon, whose legislature funded a bill that makes
the state the first to guarantee some level of health care to all residents
living in poverty.
We must make difficult choices about our fundamental values in health care and
we must reinvigorate or create institutional vehicles to help us examine the
ethical questions at stake.
The RHU program
gives insurance professionals the broad knowledge and skills necessary to
provide comprehensive health financing and disability income services to their
clients.
This designation has rigorous educational, experience, and ethical
requirements.
This includes, but is not limited to, the
following:

* Compensation programs

* Residual income and monthly bonus

* Lifetime vesting schedules

* Wealth accumulation plan

* Free qualified sales leads and lead-management systems

* Ongoing training and business education using state-of-the art technologies

* Many other performance-based programs and incentives

To be considered for one of the select positions and participate in a
professional and confidential interview process, you may submit direct inquiries
with resume to IPA Family, LLC through their website contact page.
MDRT members, therefore, are perceived as individuals who demonstrate
exceptional professional knowledge, strict ethical conduct and outstanding
client service.
20

LENGTH: 206 words


A woman in need of a kidney transplant has been told by medical authorities that
she does not have the right to her dead daughter's organs, which have already
been passed on to strangers.
In today's interconnected
world, where human economic activities are becoming more intensive and
environmentally intrusive, that spectrum of factors -- encompassing climatic
conditions, water supplies, food yields, the emergence and spread of infectious
diseases, and the stability and cohesion of communities -- is itself widening.
So, yes, we should celebrate our extraordinary scientific advances in the field
of molecular biology and in elucidating the secrets of the human genome.
But
gene-based personalised medicine will only make sense if it complements a
greater attention by our society to understanding, and rectifying, the larger
social and environmental causes of recent rises in rates of obesity, juvenile
diabetes, multiple sclerosis, depression and other diseases.
Meanwhile, for many other low-income human societies, still far removed from the
first-world option of individualised genetic screening and personally calibrated
medication, the only thing that really counts is improving the fundamentals.
INTRODUCTION

    Perhaps more than any other professional activity, medical care is imbued
with ethical principles.
Meanwhile, the
dual problems of health care costs and restricted access threaten to spin the
existing health care system out of control.
It presents three issues that guide an ethics of health policy: patient
commitment, institutional commitment, and provider community orientation.
As real
wages have leveled or fallen off in the 1980s, health insurance premiums have
continued to increase, in constant dollars from $ 656 per full-time employee in
1970 to $ 1,722 in 1989.  n11 Employers have paid for much of this increase
through health benefits plans.
Insurers and benefits managers at large
companies now tend to leave large geographic risk pools and base insurance rates
on their employees alone, especially when it seems that the employees  [*40]
are healthier than the rest of the population.
n15 This leaves behind the less well, who must
then pay higher premiums and accept narrower benefits.
The fear that the uninsured will receive,
at best, deficient health care was rarely stated explicitly until the mid-1980s,
perhaps because health care providers traditionally reassured society that payer
status would not affect health.
n23 Medical
ethics insisted that patient care be isolated from economic considerations, and
most providers followed this imperative.
n25

    As commercial insurance became more widespread, and especially as Medicare
n26 and Medicaid  n27 were introduced, hospitals could reasonably expect to be
reimbursed for services.
The first and most radical is to
move to a single governmental payer, often referred to as the Canadian model.
n45 A
third is to use newly created quasi-governmental agencies (health insurance
purchasing cooperatives, or health alliances) more effectively to manage care
and promote competition and access.
n50

    Any comprehensive plan must stake out a position on certain foundational
issues, such as taxation methods, relationship of finance to quality
improvement, mechanisms for control of technology, and health manpower.
First, any reform plan must either pro [*45]
mote competition among diverse insurers or endorse a single payer.
Although
consumer-set ceilings are generally associated with competitive strategies, it
is not necessarily true that only single-payer plans endorse standard benefits
packages.
n67 One of the major
arguments in support of single-payer health care plans concerns the
administrative costs associated with the multitude of private plans now
available.
n84  [*51]

    I would argue that three critical principles will emerge after considering
health care institutions that emphasize the fundamental values of medical
ethics.
A
physician or other health care provider is committed to a patient as a person of
immeasurable value.
The provider-patient relationship is unlike others in the
liberal state because it invokes notions of trust, selflessness, and virtue.
The structure of
medical care must reflect that which has been considered morally  [*52]  good in
the relationship between providers and patients.
n90 Traditional medical ethics did acknowledge that providers are members of a
healing community, but did not request anything more of physicians than
non-interference with other members.
n91 Under an ethical health policy,
providers must be actively cognizant of the nature of their activities (as part
of a group process) and the collective impact of their individual actions.
The contractarian aspect of a provider community orientation carries with it
the burdensome responsibility of ensuring that ethics does not act as a cover
for medical care market control.
n95 Since Goldfarb v. Virginia State Bar, in which the United
States Supreme Court held that antitrust laws are applicable to professionals,
n96 physicians and hospitals have been the targets of increasing scru [*53]
tiny.
Any
ethical principle will be carefully scrutinized for economic advantages it may
create for providers, especially physicians.
This is particularly true of any
initiatives that are based on the provider community orientation aspect of
health policy ethics.
The three principles that guide an ethics of health policy (patient
commitment, institutional commitment, and provider community orientation)
represent an alternative to the "top-down" pathway to health care reform that
moves from a theory of justice, to calculated just amounts of the primary good
(medical care), and then to clinical ethics.
n105

    The arguments from those suspicious of appeals to professional ethics have a
great deal of merit.
n110 A corollary to this theory is that
using professional ethics to reform medical care is unnecessary and perhaps
counterproductive.
Although the pure procedural justice
of the market is admirable, the consequences of an unregulated market,
especially the unequal access to health care for those unable to pay, undermine
ethical health care.
THE ETHICAL PERSPECTIVE ON INSURANCE REFORM

    As compared to an economic or political analysis, an ethical analysis that
incorporates altruistic concern for the class of all patients, insists that
institutions of medical care reflect the same kind of caring that individual
providers do for their patients, and recognizes that providers must work
concertedly for ethical goals provides a different perspective on health care
cost and financing reform.
Proposition One: Reform Should Be Comprehensive and Multidimensional

    An ethical analysis of reform emphasizes both the class of all patients and
the class of all providers.
This concept is
reinforced by the imperative that health care institutions themselves be  [*56]
ethically responsible in a manner similar to providers.
n114 A consistent moral
environment should be reflected in relations between providers and all patients
as well as in the manner in which institutions operate.
Halting steps to address issues like the
"small market problem" may be politically expedient, but it does not reflect the
concern for patients that we expect from providers and institutions.
This is the fundamental proposition on which the
remainder of an ethics of health policy rests.
Rather, the coherent ethics
of health policy that arises from the relationship between provider and patients
and informs the set of institutional arrangements in which the relationship
occurs demands such an impulse.
n121 Over the last
decade, federal courts have widened the preemptive status of ERISA,  n122 and
now appear to have shielded any self-insured plan from state insurance
regulation.
As now interpreted, the statute protects the rights of beneficiaries.
n128 Its operation, however, tends to protect beneficiaries' health care rights
at the expense of others.
n131 Others, such as the Physicians
for a National Health Program (PNHP), propose that "everyone would be fully
insured for all medically necessary services including prescription drugs and
long-term care."
n133 The American College of Physicians
(ACP) advocates a plurality of insurers, but is explicit that "insurance plans
would not compete on the basis of benefits offered, because all plans would
cover all effective and appropriate care."
The PNHP and ACP plans depart from this model by insisting that only one
package of benefits should be available to patients and should be distributed on
the basis of medical need alone.
We cannot afford to offer bone marrow transplantation
to everyone with otherwise incurable breast cancer, and likely cannot even
afford to do so for only the subset who would want such treatment.
Thus, plans that
offer a single set of benefits are especially in need of elaborate cost-control
programs.
n145 Since the single floor/ceiling plans are so
[*62]  broad, their advocates must be prepared to address openly and
consistently issues of care that arise in the plans' implementation.
Of course, a single benefit plan could go beyond restrictions based on
appropriateness and simply restrict access to certain kinds of care.
Since it is
a single benefit plan, no one would have access to the uncovered procedures.
A restricted set of benefits
with the same ceiling for all would be very true to the class of patients,
treating each patient equally.
Indeed, a floor with a consumer choice of ceilings appears consistent with
the ethics of health policy only if the inequalities between floor and ceiling
are restricted by some set of wealth transfers, such as a tax on the purchase of
services above the floor that explicitly subsidizes a higher floor.
Patients who
turn to the private insurance sector to obtain bone marrow transplantation for
treatment of breast cancer, a therapy that is unlikely to be integrated into the
floor, would have to pay a tax on premiums that would be designated for use in
the public health care system.
n158 The
informed patient consumer, or his or her surrogate who selects benefits at a
business that purchases employee insurance, analyzes the available options for
health insurance, most of which involve much greater management of care than
traditional indemnity plans, and selects the most cost-effective plan.
First, there is concern that physicians and other providers' self-interest would
dominate under a competitive framework and would contravene the patients' best
interests.
Managed care is defined as explicit
efforts by insurers, and the providers under contract to them, to pursue
cost-effective treatment, usually with financial incentives for the successful
provider.
A managed care plan attempts to
offer a more attractive set of benefits at a better price than its competitor.
Because the patient (or his or her employer or the government)
has already paid a premium and will incur no or minimal further costs after that
initial payment, the incentives are usually intended to reduce care inputs.
Information sharing is an ethical imperative that is not restricted to
competitive approaches.
Although any approach to health care reform must fully inform patients in
order to conform to ethical principles, the managed competition option does face
a stronger challenge in this regard than does a single-payer plan.
No matter how it is
accomplished, disclosure will be a serious ethical mandate, one that managed
competitors will be especially hard pressed to meet.
This forces the provider into a somewhat schizophrenic position of considering
institutional issues and helping to reform medical care delivery, but leaving
those considerations behind when taking care of patients.
The only way to accomplish this rationally is to separate providers'
institutional ethical analysis from their care of patients while maintaining
some consistency among the norms that guide behavior.
It
will be impossible for providers to maintain the ethical commitment to patients
if a rule simply states that they must care for patients in a cost-effective
manner, or that they must take into account the needs of uninsured patients when
caring for their insured patients.
Their clinical expertise will be a foundation for
ethical prescriptions.
This makes it more important for providers to "buy into" reform at a
developmental level.
The provider community orientation component of the ethics of health
policy reminds physicians that their behavior must be responsible with regard to
patients and institutions.
It is not ethical to protect
physicians' income while others suffer as a result of rationing or other cost
controls.
It is not ethical for some physicians to see their patients
handicapped by inability to pay, while other physicians earn more than $ 500,000
per year.
Medical morality may call for some self-imposed limits on income.
In this regard, an ethics of health policy based on provider commitment to
patients produces a much different posture on provider obligation than does a
"top-down" social justice model.
Nor do I mean to suggest that society should
"depend on professionals complying with principles of justice."
However, I believe that the
medical ethics framework creates a requirement for providers to consider their
role in the distribution of health care.
The institutional aspect of health policy ethics reminds
us that the provider can no longer treat the patient without limits.
Finally, health care ethics calls for, but also
cautions about, providers working as a community.
Health
policy ethics entreats physicians and other providers to realize the moral
interconnectedness of medical care.
For example, the provider's commitment to an individual
patient cannot ethically satisfy the provider when he or she knows that
uninsured patients are being treated differently, comparatively deficiently,
than insured patients.
Concerns about inequality drive
one toward the single benefit plan; a floor that allows consumer purchase must
be heavily regulated if it is to fulfill an ethical health policy's criteria.
I
leave aside taxation issues in this analysis while acknowledging that caps on
tax-free contributions to health benefit plans by employers are a major part of
the current health care policy debate.
Health alliances" is a term that President Clinton's advisers have used
to refer to the large, state-organized groups that would purchase health
insurance under a managed competition plan.
Neighborhood health centers
were meant to provide primary care services for the family, with less emphasis
on specialized and technologically oriented care.
As the links between poverty, poor access to medical care and higher rates
of morbidity and mortality were recognized, public monies to health centers
increased.
Community health centers also face
rising malpractice premium costs that may force them to cut back on critically
needed services, such as care for pregnant women.
1428 (1987) (requiring Medicare to use
diagnosis-related groups (DRGs) allows the "government to realistically
establish Medicare's hospital spending plan in advance").
California Insurance
Commissioner John Garamendi's proposal would present each California resident
with a choice of private health insurance plans financed by taxes on employers
and employees.
Employers would not provide health insurance and state
residents would be able to select among health insurance plans from a regional
agency operated by consumers and employers, whether they are employed or not.
The national health care reform proposal that the Clinton Administration
is still developing resembles the Garamendi plan in several respects.
For
example, the Clinton proposal seems to be planning to merge the workers'
compensation system and car and business liability insurance into a single
system; this was a component of the Garamendi plan.
Some of the proposals seem to envision a
unitary, national plan.
Nowhere in this portion
of his argument does Daniels consider professionals or professional ethics.
In
fact, he raises these issues later, but only to show the peripheral nature of
professional ethics to just health care, and to suggest that it would be
inappropriate to rely on provider-based principles to determine an ethical
distribution of health care resources.
While Daniels does not consider the relation between
professional ethics and justice to be critical, Emanuel (at least in his initial
chapters) does.
He notes that professional ethics cannot be distinguished from
political theory, but there must be a synergistic relationship between these two
areas of thought.
Nor
is it clear that radical inequality would not develop around community health
programs, especially if budget constraints begin to ration down the value of the
public voucher.
It is exactly these plans
that take advantage of restrictions on benefits and litigate to ensure that
distributive mechanisms in public programs are minimized or eliminated.
In many ways, they have different audiences - the former appeals
to health care providers and the latter to medical ethicists and philosophers.
Under the
model of minimally restrictive patient advocacy, "considerations of justice do
furnish a moral basis for individual action, because principles of professional
ethics derive from roles specified by just institutions."
Under
maximally restricted patient advocacy, "both considerations of social justice
and other considerations involving social welfare afford a moral basis for
individual action, because principles of professional ethics derive from
normative principles generally."
Others have been concerned
about the need for moral integrity in health care institutions, especially those
involved in the training of physicians.
Breaking down the barriers
between interpersonal and institutional ethics does create a risk that the
bureaucratic and professional influences of modern medical organization will
overcome ethical behavior.
Physician payment reform is an excellent example of the importance of
provider orientation.
See Eliot Freidson, The Centrality of Professionalism to Health Care, 30
Jurimetrics 431, 434 (1990) (The U.S. health care system is based on a set of
conflicting assumptions and methods, including the assumption that "response to
financial incentives by physicians will be constrained by an ethical concern for
the well-being of those to whom they provide services and a professional concern
for doing good work ...
Robert Blendon suggested that the following critical
issues must be used to judge health care reform: 1) Should everyone be
guaranteed a health plan?
Co. v. Dedeaux, 481 U.S. 41 (1987) (holding that a state common law claim for
benefits "under an ERISA-regulated plan is not saved by 514(b)(2)(A)").
1990), aff'd,
946 F.2d 407 (1991) (holding that ERISA-qualified plan may limit AIDS benefits
to $ 5,000 lifetime costs).
Recently, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit reversed the
summary judgment finding ERISA preemption that a federal district court had
entered in favor of several self-insured employee benefit plans and individual
plan participants.
In
this plan, each insured could have access to similar benefits, such as heart
catheterization, but one patient (the one who bought a lower standard of care)
would be catheterized only after the chest pain had failed to respond to
medications over a one-year period, while the other (who had purchased the
higher standard) could go for catheterization when he or she first noted the
chest pain.
The other facile, generic answer is that a single benefits plan decreases
administrative costs.
Although the Clinton Administration recently approved the Oregon experiment,
its implementation is conditioned on the state's refining its ranking of
services to prevent even the possibility of discrimination against people with
disabilities.
Hence, it does not intend differential
(discriminatory) treatment of people with disabilities.
Such conditions
definitely represent disabilities under the ADA, and, therefore, cannot be the
basis for access to public goods.
The advocate of a single benefit plan would counter, with some
justification, by asking whether we are ready to allow patients to demand futile
care based simply on their rights under the ADA.
The ardor is not restricted to the federal level.
There are also financial incentives for patients,
but universal access, single benefit plans are opposed to such "cost-sharing."
This analysis suggests that, as we push managed care, liability
broadening doctrines, such as missed chance, should be encouraged, and that tort
reform measures ought to be rethought.
Arnold Relman has offered an
alternative method for informing patients - the model of a socially responsive
health maintenance organization in which participants and providers discuss and
select a range of benefits.
Recent changes in Medicare Part B
have ushered in a new era in provider reimbursement that appears to be of some
ethical value.
Daniels argues that there are "too many social, economic and
technological factors within a society that effect the distribution of
health-care needs for it to be possible for the individual professional, or even
the profession as a whole, to guarantee just health-care distribution."
The altruism of medical ethics should lead to some providers'
reexamination of their economic advantage.
The social system is such that people
out of a job are even paid a living allowance and the National Health Service
provides for all medical eventualities.
Given this, a good
life assurance savings plan is a viable alternative to a personal pension and
has the advantage of allowing full access to the proceeds at maturity.
1

LENGTH: 984  words


A group of single-premium annuity pension plan brokers who allegedly took
kickbacks from insurance carriers is under investigation by the state of
Connecticut and may face steep penalties, according to Attorney General Richard
Blumenthal.
Insurance Co. and will also require the company to reimburse consumers'
premiums and enact business reforms.
Among the obvious needs, child poverty remains a humiliating rent in the fabric
of our national honour.
Critics say the blogs cross into an ethical gray
area and threaten patient privacy while posing liability risks for health
workers and their employers.
LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: District-Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              465 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            Colorado Springs Business Journal (Colorado Springs, CO)

                                December 1, 2006

Outsourcing some human resource functions can save time and money

BYLINE: Amy Gillentine

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 880  words


Small businesses face many hurdles - hiring employees, managing salaries,
budgets, health care plans and other benefits.
But outsourcing some human
resource functions can sometimes save money and time.Known as professional
employment organizations, PEOs reduce the learning curve, said John Gifford,
spokesman for Accord, a national PEO with offices in Littleton.
"Especially for
new businesses, we offer very specific services to help them get started," he
said.
"We can be their human resource specialist.
The PEO takes
over payroll and human resources functions such as withholding taxes, paying
insurance premiums and administering health care benefits.
Using the large pool
of employees in a PEO, even the smallest companies can offer additional benefits
such as retirement plans, life insurance, health insurance, vision and dental,
job counseling and education reimbursement.
"Clark said that PEOs even file payroll and income taxes under their own tax
numbers, relieving businesses of those federal responsibilities.
"Small businesses have
to worry about workers' compensation, they have to worry about OSHA
requirements, about benefits.
lCopies of the report in full are now
available as a free download from the CHI website at www.chi.nhs.org Caption:

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                        Copyright 2002 Brentwood Gazette


                              467 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Vallejo Times Herald (California)

                            November 27, 2009 Friday

The GOP's ugly truth

BYLINE: Published By Times Herald

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 247 words


Even with all the Republican fear-mongering noise about health care reform, I
would think there would be more people stating the ugly truth behind the GOP's
frantic offensive aimed at health care reform: That the people at the highest
income levels (and that doesn't mean doctors, nurses and health-care workers --
think executive chief officers, etc.)
They don't want to talk about the current state of the system, such as:

* People paying through the nose for health insurance that then denies them care
due to a "pre-existing condition."
The tales of human endeavour are equally impressive from the members of Amberley
Court in Edgbaston, who have overcome all kinds of disabilities to stage their
own sporting spectacular.
The surgery is performed after 10 percent of all hospital deliveries,
particularly among women with lower levels of income and education, black and
Hispanic women and those with government health insurance or no insurance at
all, Conners said, citing a 2012 ACOG committee report that was renewed in 2014.
Providence St. Mary Medical Center said in a statement that doctors acting as
providers at St. Mary are expected to follow the hospital's ethical and
religious directives, as well as sound medical practice.
They serve to provide intermediary services to various stakeholders, such
as insurers, corporations, healthcare providers and patients.
This fundamental right of the patient
is being compromised.
23

LENGTH: 301 words


WITH the help of naturalist David Bellamy, TSB is using the public's increased
interest in green issues to launch an environmental unit trust.
An environmental trust is a version of the now familiar ethical unit trusts by
which companies are avoided because of their involvement with countries such as
South Africa or products like tobacco.
Shares will be
screened by the Conservation Foundation, which Mr Bellamy founded to promote
closer links between business and environmental organisations.
Meanwhile, Kleinwort Benson yesterday launched a unit trust the income from
which will pay premiums for private medical insurance.
Kleinwort
Benson estimates a gross yield of 4.5 per cent which means income from an
investment of pounds 13,750 will provide someone aged 30 with private medical
insurance until he reaches 65 years old.
Persons with detrimentally
aberrant genomes should not be subject to medical insurance discrimination made
possible by genetic research funded by the public.
"Even among those
philosophers who want to treat talents and skills as individual assets, only the
strictest libertarians treat health status differences merely as 'unfortunate'
variations and believe that there is no social obligation to correct for the
relative advantages and disadvantages caused by disease or disability."
Various governmental entities have also come to
this conclusion as well.
In desperation, the family contacted the "state's
assistant insurance commissioner, a disability rights lawyer and a U.S.
n35 The employer then capped
coverage under this new plan for AIDS treatment at five thousand dollars, but
allowed a one million dollar maximum for all other claims for medical care.
The
Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals declared that it was an:

    employer's right to change its self-insured benefit plan in response to
diseases or expenses incurred by a single employee.
n37 Since a "large proportion of
the population receives health benefits from self-funded plans not subject to
state insurance laws,"  n38 protections against discrimination based on state
legislation are unenforceable to constitute a solution to problems with genetic
discrimination due to ERISA.
Insurers, in concert with employers, in an attempt
to limit their expenses in either premiums or disbursements, could and, no doubt
would, in order to remain competitive, use ERISA to step around any state
legislation regulating insurance use of genetic information.
Some
proponents of the ADA believed that this legislation would relieve workers from
being locked to their jobs because of dependence upon a health insurance policy
without which they could not financially survive when they or a dependent became
disabled.
Beginning in July 1992, public and private sector employers of
twenty-five or more employees were forbidden to discriminate based upon
disabilities of potential employ  [*244]  ees.
Furthermore, complaints under the ADA against limitations of fringe benefits
like health insurance, are also similar to those of state legislation combating
health insurance discrimination when suits were brought against companies using
self-insured plans.
As was seen in McGann, ERISA would once again be used to
protect an employer's right to limit coverage based on inordinate medical
expenses incurred by a few individuals who would endanger the fiscal solvency of
the company, if they were to be included in that company's self-funded insurance
plan.
Sufferers of genetic defects or workers whose dependents have genetic defects
are still locked to the jobs they had when they, or their dependents were first
diagnosed with a costly or potentially financially devastating disease or
disability.
n19  The welfare state includes such innovations as aid to physically and
mentally handicapped individuals, unemployment benefits, and minimum-wage laws,
all of which are based on principles of justice, not utilitarianism.
1991) (giving ERISA
employers the right to change their self-insured benefit plans through ERISA).
n40  Job-lock is the position an employee faces when the employee's medical
benefits, especially related to preexisting conditions coverage, does not
transfer to a subsequent employer's benefit plan.
478 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

               The Miami-Dade Association of Health Underwriters

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.miamidahu.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Miami-DAHU is based in Miami, FL and is a non-profit organization made up of
insurance professionals dedicated to serve the local health insurance community.
We are here to help advocate for our members and peers through effective
legistlation, ethical leadership and uphold the professional standards of the
industry.
For each of you who has worked hard to get a good education, to
better yourself, and to provide a better life for your children, you can now
count on being penalized for your successes; your taxes will go up to about half
your income, and your incentive to work harder, and to tell your children they
can do anything they aspire to, will be gone.
I particularly like the statement by lobbyist Rudy
Underwood: "We are professionals, and we do have some ethical guidance."
If Missouri establishes a competitive
marketplace or "health insurance exchange" as called for in the Affordable Care
Act, individuals and small businesses would be able to review available plans
and choose one that would be affordable and that provides the services they
need.
Sidney Watson, an attorney and a
specialist in health care law at St. Louis University, will explain how a good
exchange works.
She has more than 25
years' experience in business management, strategic planning and human
resources.Katja BÃ¼hrer

Bendigo securities price

Bendigo and Adelaide Bank's sale of $750million worth of residential
mortgage-backed securities is set to be priced today.
The Climate Change Advocacy Fund will invest
in Australia's top 200 companies and then seek to influence them on
environmental issues.
Bedford, a professional sharemarket trader, conducts workshops and seminars all
over Australia.
The group, which includes scientists, historians and lawyers specializing in
bioethics, formed three years ago at the request of the Chicago Historical
Society, which owns artifacts related to the assassination of President Lincoln:
the bed he died in, the blood-stained sheets that purportedly were on that bed
and the cloak his wife wore that night, which also appears spattered with blood.
The Chicago group looked at the ethical codes of 23 professional organizations,
representing chemistry, archaeology, sociology and other disciplines, to see how
they handle questions of genetic testing, consent and privacy.
But Michael Shapiro, who teaches bioethics and law at the University of Southern
California, said he sees no need for a new set of guidelines -- and fears they
could hamper scientific and historical research.
People are increasingly choosing to work for employers who are caring, have a
strong social and environmental conscience, and ethical values, a new report
commissioned by PwC has found.
She wants to reduce multiple births
by reviewing the HFEA policy which allows two embryos to be implanted in the
womb (unless there are exceptional circumstances).
But reducing the number of
implanted embryos narrows a woman's chance of conception, a sensitive issue
considering that 83% of single IVF treatments fail.
After the interview her blue eyes light up when I talk about the geneticists'
enthusiasm for the transformation of human reproduction and the advancement of
scientific knowledge.
We hope the recruitment of Jose Ortiz away from his job as president of Santa
Maria's Allan Hancock College marks the beginning of a new era for the Peralta
system -- one that focuses on academic excellence, realistic financial planning,
ethical standards and transparency.
The excesses include medical and dental benefits, $100,000 life insurance
policies, $5,000 travel budgets, laptop computers and printers, phone lines in
their homes and a $100 annual cellphone allowance.
We hope Ortiz and the board can find a professional balance, in which the board
sets policy and oversees the new chancellor and Ortiz, in turn, professionally
manages the district on a day-to-day basis.
We hope the recruitment of José Ortiz away from his job as president of Santa
Maria's Allan Hancock College marks the beginning of a new era for the Peralta
system -- one that focuses on academic excellence, realistic financial planning,
ethical standards and transparency.
The excesses include medical and dental benefits, $100,000 life insurance
policies, $5,000 travel budgets, laptop computers and printers, phone lines in
their homes and a $100 annual cellphone allowance.
We hope Ortiz and the board can find a professional balance, in which the board
sets policy and oversees the new chancellor and Ortiz, in turn, professionally
manages the district on a day-to-day basis.
"Physicians need to start viewing this as a professional
and ethical problem and get more engaged in the discussion and make the kinds of
decisions to create more fairness."
She hopes to develop treatments that will prevent these disabilities
from developing.
We hope the recruitment of José Ortiz away from his job as president of Santa
Maria's Allan Hancock College marks the beginning of a new era for the Peralta
system -- one that focuses on academic excellence, realistic financial planning,
ethical standards and transparency.
The excesses include medical and dental benefits, $100,000 life insurance
policies, $5,000 travel budgets, laptop computers and printers, phone lines in
their homes and a $100 annual cellphone allowance.
We hope Ortiz and the board can find a professional balance, in which the board
sets policy and oversees the new chancellor and Ortiz, in turn, professionally
manages the district on a day-to-day basis.
We hope the recruitment of Jose Ortiz away from his job as president of Santa
Maria's Allan Hancock College marks the beginning of a new era for the Peralta
system -- one that focuses on academic excellence, realistic financial planning,
ethical standards and transparency.
The excesses include medical and dental benefits, $100,000 life insurance
policies, $5,000 travel budgets, laptop computers and printers, phone lines in
their homes and a $100 annual cellphone allowance.
We hope Ortiz and the board can find a professional balance, in which the board
sets policy and oversees the new chancellor and Ortiz, in turn, professionally
manages the district on a day-to-day basis.
8A

LENGTH: 273 words


Even as the Legislature debates the sweeping health care reform plan proposed by
Gov.
UK2 Group's WestHost , a provider of Web-hosting services, has signed a
multiyear deal for co-location services with C7 Data Centers.
UK2 Group's WestHost , a provider of Web-hosting services, has signed a
multiyear deal for co-location services with C7 Data Centers.
The new ethic emphasizes five key ethical obligations for governments, health
workers, care providers, nongovernmental organizations, researchers and other
stakeholders.
Fifth, as The Sunday Times shows, The Lancet's study was not the only scientific
paper published covering the work done during the period of the undisclosed
vested interest.